16852973, [I got my marketing   advertising in business administration from jefferson college. As a Price Integrity Coordinator, I worked from Aug 1999 to Dec 2001.  I'm proficient at medical terminology, government relations, and insurance.]
22323967, [I got my master of arts   corporate communication   public relations in corporate communication   public relations from sacred heart university. As a Senior Producer - 2014 SHU Media Exchange, And my major duty is Planned and executed event focusing on Connecticut's creative corridor, growth of industry and opportunities that come with development. A. panel of industry professionals addressed topics related to media and hosted a question and answer session for approximately 110 attendees. Following the forum, guests were invited to engage in networking and conversation at a post-event reception. I'm proficient at sharepoint, web design, and stories.]
33176873, [I got my master   s degree   information management systems in organizational management from friends university city   state   united states       credits earned      semester hours information management systems bachelor of science   organizational management. As a Human Resources Coordinator, I worked from 03/1996 to now.And my major duty is Developed HRIS database from ground up for employee records and monitoring.. Instrumental in reducing the use of Agency Staffing needs for hospital.. Coordinated and facilitates manpower planning, recruitment and retention, career development and training, staff relations, compensation and benefits, compliance with local, state and federal statutory regulations, public programs, and regulatory audit procedures.. Served as the HR resource source for administration, mid-level management and staff.. Coordinated hiring procedures, appraisals, pay increases, promotions, transfers, terminations, job postings, and all corrective actions;. One Person Office, responsible for all OSHA, Work Comp, Benefits, payroll, etc. I'm proficient at quattro pro, benefits, and hris development.]
27018550, [I got my business administration in business administration from texas a   m. As a Call Centre Shift Supervisor, I worked from Aug 2003 to Mar 2007. And my major duty is Answered and Dispatched calls for Medical and Professional clients in the San Antonio and surrounding areas. Provided call monitoring to ensure staff was adhering to quality call control. Maintained On Call books for various medical staff to ensure that the correct staff was contacted during after hours and weekends. I'm proficient at powerpoint, excellent customer service skills with call quality and customer satisfaction as primary focus, and inbound and outbound contact center experience.]
17812897, [I got my bachelor of business administration in business administration from mount vernon nazarene university. As a HR Representative, I worked from Jan 2001 to Jan 2007. And my major duty is Nation's largest small-box discount retailer.. Fulfilled a broad range of HR Generalist functions, including recruiting, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR support staff.. Key Results: Trained management team on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducted workshops and one-on-one coaching sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.. Instrumental in the start-up of the new 1.2 million sq.. ft.. state of the art distribution center.. Hiring over 400 plus employees within the first year that consisted of part time, full time and temporary staff.. Overseen morale-boosting programs (including special events, annual employee picnic, attendance and safety banquets, etc.. that increased employee satisfaction and productivity.. Investigated all employee relation issues, such as sexual harassment, discrimination, and inappropriate conduct by either hourly employees and or management staff.. Responsible for staffing all hourly positions, which consisted of maintaining 878 hourly employees among three shifts. I'm proficient at direction, publisher, and human relations.]
11592605, [I got my ba   justice studies in justice studies from essex county college. As a Coordinator/International Student Advisor/Secretary, And my major duty is Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.. Handled all media and public relations inquiries.. Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.. Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Created PowerPoint presentations used for business development.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.. Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment. I'm proficient at processes, bi, and publications.]
25824789, [I got my bachelor of science   bs     sociology in sociology from texas woman   s university. As a Restaurant Manager & Trainer, I worked from 01/1993 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Responsible for the overall business performance of managing the restaurant and training all new employees.. Key Results: Encouraged guest's satisfaction.. Special Events Responsible for hiring and training wait staff, bar staff and kitchen staff.. Translated and facilitated training in Spanish.. Designed and refined training material to the needs of specific areas.. Assisted in maintaining the quality and standard of food, health, service and safety. I'm proficient at sharepoint, organizational development, and newsletters.]
15375009, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from university of phoenix. As a Human Resources Assistant, I worked from 09/2008 to 02/2013. And my major duty is Performed various administrative functions, including filing paperwork, delivering mail, sorting mail, office cleaning and bookkeeping.. Managed employee exit interviews and paperwork.. Provided backup payroll, if needed.. Recruited and screened qualified potential employees.. Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.. Conducted employment verifications and investigations.. Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.. Conducted background checks on candidates by obtaining information from law enforcement officials, previous employers and references.. Supported human resources staff with new hire orientations and monthly departmental meetings.. Implemented a tracking database for employee professional development and licensure renewal credits.. Entered personnel and subcontractor data into a central database.. Coordinated and conducted new hire pre-interviews.. Assisted management staff in annual year-end processes and data audits.. Accurately prepared government compliance reports and proposal requests for employee data.. Addressed and resolved general payroll-related inquires.. Sent notices to employees and subcontractors regarding expiring documentation.. Reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and completeness by verifying, collecting and correcting additional data.. Completed employee employment verifications and unemployment paperwork in a timely manner.. Reviewed and corrected job offer letters for completeness and accuracy before approving their delivery. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and benefits.]
11847784, [I got my bachelor of arts in english lit   language from nc state university. As a Training And Development Specialist, And my major duty is Assessed educational/training needs.. Developed, delivered and evaluated leadership, technical, administrative, and state/federal-mandated employee training based on ASTD principles.. Served as team lead for the development and delivery of statewide initiatives such as performance-based pay and performance evaluations.. Major contributor toward the research and development of internal. Ethical Practice of Trainers/Educational Leaders. I'm proficient at hr policies procedures, negotiation, and powerpoint.]
32896934, [I got my shrm      bachelor   s degree   bsm   hrm   business management   hr management in business management   hr management from university of phoenix. As a Executive Secretary, And my major duty is Provides bookkeeping and clerical support including monthly invoicing, correspondence, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings.. Provides support for Human Resource functional areas including tracking for Workers Compensation, developing employee handbook, and maintaining the material safety data sheets. I'm proficient at receiving, benefits, and general ledger.]
29149998, [I got my associates of science   human resources and organizational leadership in human resources and organizational leadership from rasmussen college. As a Office Assistant, And my major duty is Electrical company Updated the database with customer calls.. Worked with NTO vender helped with reconciliation and ledger Balanced and transmitted daily revenue.. AR/AP Filling lien, waiver and managed collection.. Coordinated complex travel schedules, accommodations and trip logistics for candidates.. Entered personnel and subcontractor data into a central database.. Evaluated timecards for accuracy on the regular and overtime hours. I'm proficient at leadership, organizational development, and ledger.]
11480899, [I got my master of public administration in bachelor of education from chulalongkorn university. As a General Manager and HR Director, And my major duty is As the HR Manager, will take responsibility for conceptualizing and spearheading new HR initiatives, development and management of an effective and responsive human resource functions, as well as leading the HR team in the full spectrum of human resource activities as ; Formulate and implement human resource policies and procedures in line with the company's business goals Manage compensation and staff benefits programmes including leave management Develop and implement performance appraisal and performance management systems for all levels of staff in line with the company objectives Manage recruitment and selection activities to meet the manpower requirements of all the departments Assess short and long term training needs as well as plan and direct training and development programmes to raise the competency of  employees Oversee payroll administration and submit all necessary statutory reports to the relevant authorities Handle grievances and disciplinary matters Plan and carry out company events to foster harmonious working environment Conduct exit interviews, analyse turnover determinants and implement appropriate corrective actions Overseeing and manage all administrative activities of the company, ensuring that all work processes are maximized for efficiency.. Type of business 	:	Steel and Metal Worksheet. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, speaking, and processes.]
23155093, [I got my associate of arts in management   organizational leadership from arthur community college. As a Flight Attendant/Purser, I worked from 11/1998 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Act as Purser and prepare reports showing places of departure and destination, passenger ticket numbers, meal and beverage inventories, the conditions of cabin equipment, and any problems encountered by passengers Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken.. Act as primary liaison between the pilot and the passengers.. Supervised junior flight attendants. Responsible for 400+ passengers.. Conduct staff briefings. I'm proficient at customer service french human resources, supervision, and project lead researching spanish.]
11763983, [I got my mba in mba   hr from walsh college   city   state. As a HR Manager, I worked from Jan 2002 to Jul 2012. And my major duty is Provide advice and consultation on employment related matters including federal and state employment laws, employee handbooks, disciplinary action and termination.. Investigate and assist in resolving employee and client complaints.. Serve as a liaison for clients in order to resolve complex human resources problems with creative solutions.. Serve as a consultant for all human resources matters, including: unemployment, workers compensation, employee benefits, and employee perks.. Oversee and administer all of the workers compensation claims from injury until   they are closed by the workers compensation carrier.. Direct benefits administration.. Assist clients in writing and implementation of their employee handbook. Ensure all HR items are completed as promised by the required deadlines.. Post job openings, screen applicants, conduct interviews and provide recommendations for hiring decisions.. Conduct new hire orientation and ongoing training.. Strong communication with other departments is essential to ensuring all tasks are done properly and timely. I'm proficient at as, organization development, and benefits.]
27490876, [I got my mba   human resources management human resources management in human resources management from vcu school of business. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and staffing.]
32977530, [I got my bsba   human resource management in business management from ctu. As a Apartment Manager/Leasing, I worked from 08/1999 to now.And my major duty is Tipton Management- Pine Lake Village Apartments Leased, Managed and Maintained 96% Occupancy Paid Bills by allocated Budget Completed move-ins and Move outs Got Painting and Sign bids (property rehab) Serve Evictions and filed Evictions Sent Letters out for Renewals and offered incentives for Renewals. I'm proficient at microsoft suite, accounts receivable, and customer service.]
93002334, [I got my psychology in psychology from university of phoenix. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from September 2007 to February 2008. And my major duty is Maintain and update Team Sites for Central Area retail accounts, Outlook distribution lists, and sales samples manifest.. Run allocation reports and Incentive Contest update reports, distributing to sales teams weekly.. Format and post quarterly sales priorities decks, utilizing Power Point. Retrieve, zip & post all customer business team weekly updates.. Post files for customer business teams used in monthly mailings. Send reminder notifications to all managers responsible for monthly sales priority distribution. Assist Retail Leads to ensure sales priority data collected and posted in a timely manner.. Planned and organized materials for sales meetings, complete A/P for Service Center, Retail and all other miscellaneous office functions. I'm proficient at training prosci change management certification, interview skills selection and development, and survey monkey.]
24184357, [I got my bs   business administration in business administration from benedict college. As a Assistant Director, I worked from January 1996 to January 2005. And my major duty is South Carolina Notary Public.. CPR and First Aid. I'm proficient at finance, forms, and publisher.]
73077810, [I got my  in liberal arts from fairleigh dickinson university. As a Assistant Store Manager, I worked from January 2005 to January 2006. And my major duty is Managed exempt and nonexempt employees (6-8 staff members) Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed Helped customers by providing information, answering questions and obtaining merchandise requested Attracted customers by originating display ideas Constructed or assembled prefabricated display properties Assembled product displays in windows and showcased on sales floor Evaluated competition by visiting local competitor stores (gathering information such as style, quality, and prices of competitive merchandise). I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and staffing.]
13879043, [I got my masters of business administration in human resource management from bndc university. As a HR Assistant, And my major duty is I was able to reduce the employee attrition by 5%  in my Business Unit with higher Employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the employee morale.. Worked on developing  the existing Employee Appraisal process to a comprehensive Performance Management process  resulting in an optimized process flow.. Helped the Senior Leadership team in defining a crisp Career Path - for both technical and Managerial positions.. Devised a special program for the High Performers in the Organization leading to differentiated career trajectories retaining the cream layer of the Organization.. Worked on optimization of the existing Reward and Recognition process.. Developed internal job portal aimed at providing collaborative environment to facilitate 	Internal sourcing.. Worked on 360 degree feedback process for the Managers.. Performance Management Conduct awareness sessions on Company's performance management philosophy, tool etc Annual Increments and Promotions - manage the end to end closure of Compensation increment and promotion cycles including the budget calculation and distribution.. Handle Performance Improvement Plan for the bottom performers and handling other disciplinary processes such as warnings and termination.. Manager Feedback/ Skip Level - administer skip level that provides feedback to the manager which acts a development tool for improvement People Engagement Project Level Engagement Survey - administer the survey for various strategic accounts to understand the health of the account.. This includes context setting with the employees, administrating the survey, feedback collation, analysis, and account specific action plan in collaboration with the managers All Minds Meet - Organize meets to connect the employees with the Top Level Leadership Monthly HR review with the delivery leadership team to review and educate them on various people aspects/concerns Rewards and Recognition - Recognize the right talent, approval of nominations and rewarding them.. Fun activities - Fun teams formed at the account level and assist them to come up with the regular fun charter People Management Retention Management - to come up with proactive measures to retain the top talent Attrition Management - discussion with the resigned employees and exit management Relocations and Transfers - approval of onsite and offshore compensation fitments during relocation and offshore assimilation Operational Activities Prepare and maintain Human Resource Information system records/Employee files , various headcount related reports, MIS tracking, Joining reports, attrition tracking reports etc.. Analyzing the data and projecting Trends to enable better business decisions.. Handling Orientation and On boarding for new employees.. Providing and processing payroll Inputs.. Managing the Employee benefits such as Medical Insurance.. Coordinating for Training and Development needs of the employees.. Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.. Work with corporate group in running Organization Development activities.. Planning birthdays, employee group events.. Handling the leave management systems and maintaining timesheets.. Keeping the employee policies and procedures updated and educating employees on these through positive reinforcement.. Recruitment: Working with hiring managers on Recruitment planning.. Identified, engaged, and recruited qualified candidates by performing sourcing activities such as: market and Internet research, internet job board searches/postings, referral recruiting, social media networking, attending seminars, and local networking events.. Conducted interviews to assess skill level, presented candidates for client review and final selection, drove offer process including reference checks, salary negotiations.. Special Assignments: Designed and Managed the " Mentor Me" program to motivate the high performers in the Organization.. Handled a team of 3 members and made it a highly successful program. I'm proficient at leadership, organization development, and insurance.]
30163002, [I got my bachelor of arts psychology in psychology from north carolina agricultural   technical state university. As a Waitress, I worked from August 2010 to December 2010. And my major duty is Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.. Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.. Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.. Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.. Promptly served all food courses and alcoholic beverages to guests.. Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.. Effectively communicated with kitchen staff regarding customer allergies, dietary needs and other special requests.. Regularly checked on guests to ensure satisfaction with each food course and beverages.. Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciliation of the cash drawer.. Skillfully anticipated and addressed guests' service needs.. Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.. Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.. Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.. Stocked and maintained silverware, linen and condiments. I'm proficient at closing, neat, and business development.]
18827609, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from north carolina state university. As a Orientation Leader, I worked from 06/2016 to 08/2016. And my major duty is Served as first-hand liaison for 250+ students to facilitate smooth transition to NC State University Facilitated parent panels, conducted student small groups and led guided tours for incoming first years Trained in diversity and inclusion workshops to foster inclusive and welcoming community for all students Enhanced written and oral communication skills through daily public speaking and email communication. I'm proficient at leadership, teamwork collaboration, and product manager.]
25676643, [I got my bachelor of arts   ba     broadcast and print journalism in broadcast and print journalism from st   augustine   s university city. As a HR Assistant, I worked from 10/2011 to now.And my major duty is Provide effective and timely customer and technical support in delegated examining and staffing processes.. Drafted job analysis and job announcement for Wage Grade and General Schedule positions.. Responsible for reviewing and pre-audits of delegated examining case files.. Advised Senior HR Specialists and hiring managers on available policies and hiring flexibilities available within delegated examining and Code of Federal Regulations. I'm proficient at social media management and recruitment, classification and position management, and hr program project management.]
12786012, [I got my b   a   communications communications in communications communications from university of north dakota city. As a Receptionist/Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is Maintained the corporate phone list, Equal Employment Opportunity information, bus pass, and stamp inventories in Microsoft Excel; ordered and approved all office supply orders.. Coordinated with Memorial Blood Centers to promote and recruit for the NRG/ATT Blood Drive within the company.. Maintained security of the workplace by overseeing the security badge process.. Assigned numerous special projects and completed projects upon deadlines. I'm proficient at research, employee relations, and policies.]
87968870, [I got my bba   human resource management in international business from north harris community college. As a Human Resource Manager, I worked from 10/2008 to 01/2013. And my major duty is Developed, implemented and coordinated policies and procedures for all Human Resources functions such as recruiting, wage/salary administration and health programs.. Directed employee performance management program.. Promoted the opportunity for a formal discussion by employees and their supervisors to review overall work performance, objectives, and career development.. Partnered with management team members on issues involving employee relations such as terminations, suspensions, EEOC claims and rule interpretations.. Educated and advised employees on group health plans, voluntary benefits and 401(k) retirement plans.. Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.. Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.. Conducted employment verifications and investigations.. Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.. Facilitated the criminal background check process for new hires.. Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor management, disability programs and health benefits.. Acted as liaison between employees and insurance carriers to resolve problems and clarify benefits.. Processed unemployment claims and acted as the company representative at unemployment hearings.I worked from 10/2004 to 09/2008. And my major duty is Conducted background checks on candidates by obtaining information from law enforcement officials, previous employers and references.. Explained employee compensation, benefits, schedules, working conditions and promotion opportunities.. Coordinated employment offers with management and extended offers to selected candidates.. Reviewed and confirmed that all final paid hours corresponded with timesheets and state laws.. Evaluated timecards for accuracy on the regular and overtime hours.. Reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and completeness by verifying, collecting and correcting additional data.. Completed employee employment verifications and unemployment paperwork in a timely manner. I'm proficient at sharepoint, insurance, and benefits.]
46258701, [I got my ba human resources in human resources from depaul university. As a Receptionist, I worked from 02/2003 to 03/2008. And my major duty is Internship program Recruiter Lead for college students. ? Collaborated with company President to decide what criteria would deem student eligibility for intern program. ? Posted employment positions to the company website. ? Sourced and screened qualified candidates. ? Passed on qualified candidates to Hiring Managers. ? Tracked candidates in Excel program. ? In charge of all company State and Federal poster requirements for multiple locations including out of state locations. ? The go-to person for general company knowledge and administrative support. ? Managed a six line phone system of incoming calls. ? Updated company phone and employee directory on the portal. I'm proficient at sharepoint, employee performance, and leads.]
14225422, [I got my master of science in industrial psychology from osha. As a Sr HR Representative, I worked from 05/1985 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for a wide variety of both day to day and project-oriented HR functions for a unionized power supply manufacturing company with an employee population that ranged from 150 to over 700.. Company experience cycles of tremendous growth and downsizing as well as the transition of all manufacturing operations out of state.. Prepare annual salary proposal and administer the approved plan; participate in salary surveys and use results to benchmark company's wages to the industry, maintain job descriptions and organizational charts, implement salary increases in compliance with approved salary plan and bargaining unit agreement Administer employee benefit programs; analyze current benefits programs and research and recommend alternatives,communicate program features, coordinate open enrollment activity, maintain records and billing, track benefit costs, administer and track COBRA Process requests for hourly and salaried and salaried retirement plans; compute monthly benefit for Union hourly retirement plan; work with Corporate pension office to coordinate benefits for salaried plan; coordinate enrollment and participant payment for retiree medical plan Prepare annual Affirmative Action Plan and required EEO reports Maintain employment, job, compensation, benefit, training and attendance records for all employees using Ceridian Payroll/HRIS system.. Participated in periodic payroll/HR conversions Develop and prepare monthly and annual manpower, benefits, turnover, salary and other requested reports for management; track hourly attendance for compliance to overtime, attendance and awards programs Implementation of corporate policy and adherence to bargaining unit contract; participated in contract negotiations, providing assistance to division management, Corporate HR and Labor Attorney LOA and COBRA management administration Safety, security, workers compensation, employee relations, recruitment, facility management. I'm proficient at attorney, ceridian, and insurance.]
29297973, [I got my masters of art in organizational management from wisconsin lutheran college. As a Senior Team Leader/Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is Supervised student employees, including hiring, training, and scheduling.. Created late night restaurant for students with other team leaders called "The Brickhouse Grill.".. Developed standardized interview questions and training manual.. Conducted monthly meetings for student employees and training in food safety. I'm proficient at ceridian, consulting, and insurance.]
18334783, [I got my ba   business   finance in business   finance from university of new mexico. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from January 2001 to January 2002. And my major duty is Assistant to the president of the company.. Responsibilities included insight to all new business ventures to ensure timely completion and adherence to budget.. Set up procedures for analyzing all financial information to determine the business expansion strategies. I'm proficient at supervising, office administration, and processes.]
19717385, [I got my master of arts   organisational psychology in mass communication from alliant international university. As a Summer Intern, I worked from May 2014 to Jun 2014. And my major duty is The internship program was systematically split to accommodate sufficient training in De-addiction centre, Special school for mentally challenged children, Psychiatric clinic for adults and counselling centre.. Witnessed and assisted with an ECT session administered by the Chief Doctors.. Collected information about clients, using techniques such as testing, interviewing, discussion, and observation.. Gathered feedback from patients on medications, diagnosis and effectiveness of therapies.. Gained knowledge and experience observing doctors provide counselling to patients and families. I'm proficient at powerpoint, microsoft excel, and outlook.]
49937469, [I got my bachelor of arts in organizational leadership management and human resource management from lourdes college. As a HR Generalist, I worked from January 2004 to May 2007. And my major duty is Conducted benefits administration for 30 benefit-eligible employees.. Designed the emoployee performance evaluation process and merit program.. Addressed inquires from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues.. Created and implimented the exit interview programprocess.. Advise top management on apropriate employee corrective actions.. Created and modified job discriptions within all departments.. Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.. Developed 2 employee handbooks, including design and layout.. Guided the startup and management of all HR operations, systems and programs for a new location within the company.. Supported 30 employees at al levels, including executive leadership. I'm proficient at leadership, staffing, and benefits.]
18316239, [I got my associate of applied science   business administration in business administration from ecotect institute. As a HR Assistant, And my major duty is Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR functions, including recruiting and training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR records.. Cochaired annual flexenrollment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to promote employee wellness and performed exit interviews.. Key Results:  Trained 25member management team on interviewing techniques and best  practices, conducting workshops and oneonone coaching sessions that  contributed to sound hiring decisions.. Codeveloped company's firstever standardized disciplinary procedures and  tracking system that insulated company from legal risk and ensured consistent  and fair discipline processes.. Devised creative and costeffective incentive and moraleboosting programs  (including special events and a tiered awards structure) that increased  employee satisfaction and productivity.. Reworked newhire orientation program to include HR information and  company resources.. Saved company thousands of dollars every month by reducing reliance on  employment agencies.. Brought the majority of formerly outsourced recruiting  functions inhouse to reduce billable hours from 200+ to less than 15 per  month. I'm proficient at enterprise, organizational development, and abc.]
17855844, [I got my b   s   communications in communications from university of phoenix communications. As a Human Resources Manager, And my major duty is An organization empowering people living with mental illness and co-occurring substance disorder to live, learn, work, and participate successfully in their communities with integrated mental health services and community resources.. Orchestrated a culture change initiative to reform processes by introducing employee intranet allowing folks to electronically sign up for benefits and review their personnel information.. Improved retention by 75% and decreased recruiting costs 21% annually.. Headed an HR department where I took innovative approaches to recruitment/retention, improving employee morale and enhancing employee benefits by conducting impact studies and cost-benefit analysis for all programs in the department.. Co-facilitated the organizational and strategic planning process for the agency's five-year plan.. Managed an HR department of four staff as well as well as function as indirect supervisor to 20 agency administrative staff and volunteers.. Developed and implemented employee relations programs that promoted a positive organizational culture (e.g.. awards, recognition, special events).. Wrote and oversaw policies, standards and practices for performance evaluations and pay for performance as well as conducted annual wage and salary surveys.. Grew St.. Luke's House professional education program from a few training sessions per year to a state of the art training program offering more than 50 workshops, seminars, and educational events annually. I'm proficient at leadership, organizational development, and hr information systems hris.]
57667857, [I got my bachelors   baas in human resources from dallas baptist university. As a Assistant Vice-President-Human Resources, And my major duty is Develop or implement recruiting strategies to meet current or anticipated staffing needs.. Hire employees and process hiring-related paperwork.. Contact job applicants to inform them of the status of their applications.. Confer with management to develop or implement personnel policies or procedures.. Conduct reference or background checks on job applicants.. Analyze employment-related data and prepare required reports.. Conduct exit interviews and ensure that necessary employment termination paperwork is completed.. Inform job applicants of details such as duties and responsibilities, compensation, benefits, schedules, working conditions, or promotion opportunities.. Interpret and explain human resources policies, procedures, laws, standards, or regulations.. Interview job applicants to obtain information on work history, training, education, or job skills.. Maintain and update human resources documents, such as organizational charts, employee handbooks or directories, or performance evaluation forms.. Maintain current knowledge of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and affirmative action guidelines and laws, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA).. Perform searches for qualified job candidates, using sources such as computer databases, networking, Internet recruiting resources, media advertisements, job fairs, recruiting firms, or employee referrals.. Prepare or maintain employment records related to events such as hiring, termination, leaves, transfers, or promotions, using human resources management system software.. Provide management with information or training related to interviewing, performance appraisals, counseling techniques, or documentation of performance issues.. Review employment applications and job orders to match applicants with job requirements.. Schedule or administer skill, intelligence, psychological, or drug tests for current or prospective employees.. Schedule or conduct new employee orientations.. Select qualified job applicants or refer them to managers, making hiring recommendations when appropriate.. Advise management on organizing, preparing, or implementing recruiting or retention programs.. Coordinate with outside staffing agencies to secure temporary employees, based on departmental needs.. Evaluate recruitment or selection criteria to ensure conformance to professional, statistical, or testing standards, recommending revisions, as needed.. Review and evaluate applicant qualifications or eligibility for specified licensing, according to established guidelines and designated licensing codes. I'm proficient at performance appraisals, advertisements, and forms.]
17422560, [I got my business management in business management from albany state technical college. As a Customer Service Rep, I worked from January 2005 to January 2006. And my major duty is Received cash from customers and employees in payment for goods and services, and recorded amounts received.. Made change, cashed checks and issued receipts and tickets to customers.. Recorded amounts received and prepared reports of transactions.. Read and recorded totals shown on cash register tape and verified against cash on hand.. Counted cash and reconciled charge sales and cash receipts with total sales to verify accuracy of transactions.. Compiled reports, such as cash receipts, guest-bill charges and maintained high standards of excellence and sales.. Provided information regarding activities and location of departments, offices and employees within organization Answer phones, use of computers, copiers, printers, faxes as needed. I'm proficient at direction, staffing, and data entry.]
32947778, [I got my bachelor of arts   ba     human resource management in human resource management from university of pheonix. As a Human Resource Regional Assistant, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2002. And my major duty is Maintained deductions and payroll and administration of benefits, including pensions, annuities, health insurance, life insurance, and dental insurance.. Monitored Workers' Compensation claims and coordinated work between employees and the insurance carrier as well as tracked reported accidents.. Key Results: Maintained department schedules, HR files, and People Soft data.. Assisted supported HR policies and programs, including review and salary processes Performed all initial interviewing and back ground screening Prepared and presented reports involving HIPPA, OSHA, FMLA, and Workers Compensation issues. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and forms.]
23914451, [I got my bachelor of science   wildlife and fisheries science in wildlife and fisheries science from pennsylvania state university. As a Bakery Manager, I worked from June 1996 to June 1997. And my major duty is Met customer needs by effectively resolving food or service issues.. Followed procedures for safe food preparation, handling and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction.. Maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in work area.. Performed monthly inventory control and weekly stock ordering. I'm proficient at training, merchandising, and employment law.]
21265194, [I got my masters of arts   counseling in psychology from webster university. As a Human Resources Consultant, I worked from August 1990 to September 1999. And my major duty is Roles started out very transactional and then grew into the list below.. Coach and develop managers at all levels on performance management of their employees.. Provide expertise in facilitating resolution of  issues and interpretation of policies.. Facilitate virtual presentations for employees and managers.. in the areas of policy interpretation, recruiting, compensation tools, leaves of absence, etc.. Provide consultation to front line management on issues and actions.. Advise managers on compensation issues, review job descriptions, make salary recommendations as needed.. Provide interpretation, application, and enforcement of HR related policies, procedures, and laws, including but not limited to FMLA, ADA of 1990, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, ADEA of 1967. Conduct interviews and counseling sessions with employees and management, including performance counseling, career counseling, supervisory coaching, and separations (voluntary and involuntary).. Conduct investigations related to harassment, discrimination, etc. and determine appropriate action warranted. I'm proficient at ada, title vii, and employee relations.]
51769822, [I got my ba   administration commercial administration in administration commercial administration from university of grenoble   city. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at office support, sales management, and hiring.]
19616406, [I got my psychology in psychology from indiana university. As a HR Director, I worked from May 2005 to Current. And my major duty is Onboarding, Hiring     & Recruiting. – Advertising, Staffing Agencies, On-line Applicant administration, Interviews,     Employment Verification, Pre-Employment Testing, Drug Screenings, Presented Job     offers, I-9 & E-Verify Administration, New Hire Reporting, HR & Safety     Orientation. Benefit     Administration. – Manages all aspects of benefits – Including new enrollment, changes & termination     for: Health, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short Term Disability & Long     Term Disability coverage, Employee Assistance Program, Section 125 Accounts,     Employee Loan Agreements & Deductions, Uniforms, Audits, COBRA notification     & 5500 preparation for filing.. 401k Administrator. –Tracked New     Employee Eligibility, Established Quarterly Enrollment Meetings, Administered     Employee & Employer Deferral Calculations & Submissions, Loans,     Distributions, Plan Force-Outs, QDRO's, Mandatory Compliance Mailings &     Plan Document Administration.. Payroll. – Administered     payroll law, reviewed & submitted weekly payroll, Managed all Garnishments,     Levies & Child Support Orders. Managed updates & changes to time     keeping system.  Maintained Employee     Absence database for all personal, vacation & sick time.. Company Communication. - Employee     recognition awards, Employee notices via publications, Intranet postings &     e-mail.. FMLA. – Administration of:     Initial Qualification Requirements, Employee notification via required compliance     forms, documentation follow – up with both employees and their physicians, days     away tracking & return to work notices.. Temporary Help     Management. – Coordinated temporary workers with staffing company including:  Placement of workers, pre-placement     documentation requirements, drug testing, background screen, safety training,     Time system set-up for both new and terminated temps & training sign-off as     necessary. Training System     Management. - Entered new employees, established job roles & groups, set-up training     courses, set-up training sessions & managed training reporting for complete     & incomplete training.  Input     training completions, ensure training documents have been signed, scanned &     recorded both in software & in the employee's electronic training file.. Annual Reviews. – Initiated, tracked,     provided manager documentation support, reviewed all annual reviews for potential     liability issues, discussed difficult employee reviews with managers &     provided appropriate verbiage, prepared all personnel action forms for increases, retained all permanent records on file & apply/input all appropriate     increases.. Disciplinary Action     & Terminations. – Trained & assisted managers in proper documentation for verbal, written warning     & terminations.  Prepared and reviewed     documents for disciplinary action. Advised on next steps in the disciplinary     process to ensure employer is in the best possible situation for termination if     necessary. Participated in and delivered disciplinary and termination notifications     to employees.. Unemployment Administration. – Responded to each     initial & on-going unemployment notification from WorkOne, gathered and submitted     evidence on company's behalf to defend against unemployment charges,     coordinated unemployment hearing documentation & parties involved in     hearing before an Administrative Law Judge.. Workers Compensation. – Reported initial claim     to carrier, assisted employees as a First Responder to incidents, instructed supervisors of appropriate action during emergency situations, worked side by side with Safety Director on-     claims & follow- up appointments, coordinates light duty restrictions with     managers, records & tracks OSHA reporting information & assists in     preparing year-end audit reporting information, maintains confidential files     & advises on Indiana Worker's Compensation law.. FAA/DOT Drug     Screen Program. – Served as DER for Federal Drug Program, administered training, supervised new     employee compliance into program, conducted employee & manager     training, tracks quarterly & annual random drug screens, submit annual     MIS Reports, coordinated FAA audit every 2 years & monitored employee     follow-up program. EEOC     – Affirmative Action Plan. – Administered mandatory     postings, filings, tracking & notifications for EEOC – AAP plan. Tracks     company additions, terminations & promotions for compliance purposes.     Provides annual reporting to TPA of all company workforce & all     applicants received along with their dispositions, Reviews plan for     compliance & submit annual EEO1 Report & Veterans Reports I'm proficient at performance appraisals, e mail, and insurance.]
41523474, [I got my mba   management in mba   management from doon university. As a HR Executive, And my major duty is Duties and Responsibilities. •Ensure that accurate job description are in place. •Provide advice and assistance with writing job descriptions. •Identify training and development opportunities. •Provide advice and assistance to supervisors on staff recruitment. •Prepare notices and advertisements for vacant staff positions. •Schedule and organise interview. •Prepare, develop and implement procedures and policies on staff recruitment. •Daily attendance monitoring. •Provide advice and recommendations on disciplinary actions. •Monitor schedule absence such as holidays or travel and coordinate actions. •Following up with hired employees for the completion of the H.O. documents and files. •Maintaining complete attendance record of the employees including leave records. Preparing salary based on these records at the end of each month for HR and manger approvals. •Liaison including greeting all persons entering organization in a professional manner. •Handling HR events and celebrations including office get together and /promotion parties. •Office maintenances and housekeeping including monitoring the general appearance of office infrastructure. •Preparing monthly expenses statement. I'm proficient at internet e mail operations, ms office word, and identifying problems.]
59962788, [I got my b   e   computer science engineering in systems from lord venkateshwaraa engineering college. As a HR Executive, And my major duty is Developed company personnel policies, standard operating procedures and employee handbooks.. Developed and facilitated all new-hire orientations.. Conducted employment verifications and investigations.. Built a comprehensive employee recruiting strategy.. Developed and enforced company policy and procedures relating to all phases of human resources activity.. Managed all aspects of leave administration, including employee notifications and vendor management, disability programs and health benefits.. Established and monitored employee pay scales.. Conducted job analysis and job evaluations, resulting in quality job specifications.. Developed innovative new-employee orientation programs, including safety training.. Updated key human resource metrics, including turnover and terminations, using reporting tools on the HRMS database.. Shadowed employees to determine an accurate description of the duties and skills required for each position. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, languages, and employee recruitment.]
86184722, [I got my master of business administration in public administration from virginia state university. As a Human Resources Administrator, I worked from Jan 2005 to Jan 2010. And my major duty is Ensured effective communication by responding to employee requests for information and interpreting company policies.. Implemented an employee recognition program that included performance and morale incentives.. Developed and implemented a system for auditing and revising the employee records base.. Remained current on all legal regulations related to human resources.. Performed tasks such as entering applications, setting up files on new personnel, photographing for badges, obtaining employee numbers for new employees and recording changes on all employee status changes as necessary (change of address, departmental transfers, rate increases, terminations, filing, etc.).. Processed verification of employment requests for employees.. Handled employee benefits and HR questions.. Recruited and trained staff.. Coordinated team events at the best yet economical locations - saved expenses by 40%.. Achieved employee of the month award - May 2007.. Reorganized administrative procedures, shortening process time by 30%.. Reduced turnover from 68% to 14% by improving staff orientation, training and professional development.. Received 100% satisfaction rating by relocating employees. I'm proficient at ibm, workbrain, and processes.]
28419173, [I got my bs   business management in business management from university of eau claire   city. As a Inside Sales/ Administrative Support, And my major duty is Construct and send Invoices to guarantee payment from 80-100 customers through Quickbooks and Tigerpaw. Resolve any questions or concerns customers may have about invoices or sales to confirm they are content. Schedule engineers weekly for onsite assignments and Help Desk to guarantee customer satisfaction. Order product for small projects- coordinate meetings with clients and engineers to ensure correct product is being ordered. Compose Service Reports on a monthly basis to ensure customer satisfaction. Build product quotes for customers to achieve daily sales (eg; software, Anti-Virus, routers, printers, etc.). Create weekly spreadsheets for annual renewals and product sales; relay information to President of the company for weekly meetings. Design marketing brochures and any daily changes to company website to keep customers up to date with new technology and products. Create manual for ‘How To” on procedures for sales in TigerPaw  software. Work with vendors to get update to date pricing and versions of software/product I'm proficient at finance, websites, and processes.]
18155310, [I got my associates   business management in business management from robert morris college. As a Office Manager, I worked from Jan 2003 to Jan 2009. And my major duty is Established rental rate by surveying local rental rates; calculating overhead costs, depreciation, taxes, and profit goals.. Attracted tenants by advertising vacancies; obtaining referrals from current tenants; explaining advantages of location and services; showing units.. Accomplished financial objectives by collecting rents; paying bills; forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective action.. Achieved financial solvency through cost reduction and implementing systems to achieve 0% rent delinquency. Maintain building systems by contracting for maintenance services; supervising repairs.. Created positive, welcoming, supportive environment for residents, visitors, and property associates. Filed court documents for eviction and attends scheduled court hearings as Landlord's representative. Prepared reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends.. Updated job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.. Accomplished organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.. Interviewed, hire, train, schedule, direct, and evaluate contractors, with a strong focus on the delivery of quality customer service for the company and the tenants. I'm proficient at new hire paperwork, training, and bi.]
26780935, [I got my bachelor of arts in business from northern illinois university. As a Instructor, I worked from August 2004 to August 2006. And my major duty is Instructed two first year University French classes; Created and administered all assignments and exams; Recorded grades using Blackboard system; Led study groups to achieve maximum results; All students successfully completed the course with C or above; Recommended to instruct a two course prep my second year; Recommended to instruct a second level summer school course; Required to take three graduate courses in conjunction with instructing two courses; Held at least six office hours per week. I'm proficient at leadership, client focused, and microsoft office proficient.]
34554248, [I got my master of business administration in business from bachelor of arts   business. As a Assistant Restaurant Manager, And my major duty is Assisted general manager and chef in overseeing daily operations, planning menus and daily specials, hiring and.. training employees, and preparing and serving lunch orders.. Planned and executed for special events serving up. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and benefits.]
26202430, [I got my bba   business administration in business administration from campbell university. As a HR Data and Applications Specialist, I worked from 04/2007 to now.And my major duty is Supported Human Resources Shared Services and act as the subject matter expert for SAP HCM and other HR applications.. Supported Finance, Canada / US Payrolls, and Human Resources Shared Services on bi-weekly and year-end activities. Collaborated with Information Systems, Finance, Canada and US Payroll and Human Resources Business owners on Sarbanes-Oxley requirements and system/process enhancements for key areas of responsibility.. Worked closely with business process owners, smes, benefit vendors and Information Systems to ensure data flow were properly planned and managed, and ensure appropriate data quality controls and standards were developed and maintained globally.. Performed root cause analysis, developed and managed corrective action plans.. Run and analyzed interface error reports for Canada and US payroll systems per Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.. Work closely with process owners and Information Systems to research/ identify/ resolve any interface or data issue identified with vendors or payroll systems. Acted as a project liaison between Human Resources and Information System teams for multiple HR or payroll projects (examples: SAP HCM Compensation project, Canadian Payroll system, European Expat project, US Payroll Year End, Benefits Annual Enrollment, SAP releases). Provided system training and support for Human Resources Shared Services employees globally for key areas of responsibility. Scheduled release calls, prepared work instructions & Knowledge Base Articles, developed and/or coordinated training for Human Resources Shared Services both locally and regionally. Articulated and identified process improvement opportunities within Human Resources. Analyzed and identify processing issues and escalated to Canada and US Payroll, Human Resources and Quality Assurance teams. Created and run Adhoc reports for all Human Resources Shared Services, Internal and External Auditors per Sarbanes-Oxley requirements. Transferred 60 auditing control activities to Quality Assurance team.. Trained new data integrity processors for Quality Assurance. Developed HR compliance reports for Asia, Europe, Canada and US through SAP and DARE systems. Developed 75 reports for external auditors, and developed data integrity and metric reports for 2008 and 2009 Benefits Annual Enrollment. Coordinated testing, meetings, training and communication for Benefits Annual Enrollment for 2008 and 2009 projects for US and Canada.. Lead the review and training of the Canadian Payroll system for all specialists and processors within HR Shared Services I'm proficient at service now askhr, panaya, and success factors compensation.]
19867922, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration from benedictine university. As a Executive Technical Associate, And my major duty is Assist Directors, Executives, and Senior Managers with scheduling meetings and           calendar maintenance, monitoring voicemail and email, typing correspondence,           and expense reports           Travel between offices to assist managers with various matters           Maintain weekly and monthly utilization reports for department staff           Maintain weekly scheduling and training database within a call center           environment for over 100 Customer Advocates           Facilitate office-wide access to various systems           Assign and reset passwords and handle monthly database updates.. Schedule contractual and appointment time via IEX/Totalview, and monitor IEX to           ensure office-wide adherence, conformance and service level results are           received           Perform complex and specialized work related to the preparation, processing,           and maintenance of payroll           Generate weekly schedules in Totalview and make available for viewing in Agent           Webstation           Facilitate departmental moves and arrange new telephone extensions, cubicles,           and location of office space           Perform general administrative duties such as filing, faxing, copying, and ordering           offices supplies Strengths          Familiarity with various HRIS Systems           Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite           Attention to detail           Multi-tasking, data analysis, and research. I'm proficient at leadership, bi, and forms.]
91930382, [I got my master of business administration in biotechnology from mount carmel college india biotechnology. As a Recruiter, I worked from Jan 2011 to Jan 2015. And my major duty is Managed end-to-end recruitment (sourcing, screening, reference checks, negotiation and offer generation).. Sourced and updated candidates through Applicant Tracking System.. Executed rapid talent acquisition strategies e.g., in a span of 6 months, I recruited 122 employees to grow an engineering team from 8 to 130 employees.. Hired C-level candidates by engaging passive candidates.. Managed relationships with staffing agencies.. Researched new sources of recruitment and market intelligence.. Led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions.. Developed salary proposals for new recruits.. Partnered with local organizations and universities for engagement and interest in jobs offered in their community.. Developed and facilitated job recruitment fairs.. Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.. Networked with industry contacts, association memberships and associates.. Promoted from recruiter to senior recruiter since 04/2013. I'm proficient at boolean searches google resume search, linkedin x ray search, and linkedin.]
30646367, [I got my b   b   a   human resources in human resources from macomb community college. As a Payroll Clerk / Human Resources Assistant, And my major duty is Calculated weekly payroll for over 350 employees      Determined eligibility for health care benefits company-wide, including accurate maintenance of information Liaison between 400 employees and health care insurance company Maintained necessary materials required to conduct new hire orientations Reviewed applications and identified potential candidates for position openings Researched employee information to complete unemployment determination Filed New Hire reports to meet State compliance Reviewed weekly uniform billing for 200 employees, including verification of correct billing and submitted credits Developed spreadsheets to track employee reviews, insurance, and holiday pay Enabled accurate payroll information to be extracted from spreadsheets. I'm proficient at ceridian, insurance, and bi.]
39650734, [I got my master of science   human resource management in humanities   english from the university of thai chamber of commerce. As a Hostess and waitress, I worked from 04/2010 to 11/2016. And my major duty is Promoted to interview and recruit new hires in order to sustain longer hours of operation, thus increased company profits. Was successful in ensuring the successful integration of new hires by implementing training and compensation structures. Ordered foods and supplies for the restaurant, checked and maintained inventory, handling daily accounting and processing payroll. Processed cost reduction thought venders and whole sale. Increased marketability of the restaurant by designing and creating a new modernized menu. Prepared and willing to step up when the restaurant is short of staff or low turn over in order to increase productivity and provide the best service. Maintained a great quality and quantity of the foods and restaurant over all. Created a Recycle Program by divided the recyclable bin and non- recyclable waste bin I'm proficient at organizational development, windows outlook, and yahoo and google.]
72231872, [I got my masters of science   human resources management new england college of business and finance human resources management june      bachelor   s   business administration in business administration from new england college of business and finance. As a Senior Payroll Support Specialist, And my major duty is Developed and administered payroll trainings on various topics from fringe benefits to year end help.. Assisted with the training and development of new employees.. Created and filed Amended Tax Returns.. Maintained client confidentiality and assisted clients in maintaining personnel records.. Trained employees and clientele on in depth rules and regulations of payroll administration.. Built customer rapport and trust through professional and courteous communications.. Became first line of contact for employees and clientele with payroll questions and/or problems.. Managed a client list of over 300 clients while training to become a Senior Payroll specialist.. Good understanding of welfare plan provisions - ERISA, COBRA, FMLA, ADA, Section 125, and Worker's Compensation plans.. For clients utilizing our Benefits packages, provided benefit administration also provided Benefit training on an annual basis. I'm proficient at processes, bi, and direction.]
13520837, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from colorado state university. As a Sr. Merchandise Assistant, Replenishment Leader, Office Associate, I worked from 02/2002 to 08/2008. And my major duty is Managed women's soft lines departments and Replenishment Team in a $3M dollar big box store. Enforced sound merchandising and loss control strategies. Excelled in building, motivating, coaching, and training hourly teams. Responsible for cash handling procedures and daily opening/closing procedures. Resolved internal and external customer problems and made smart decisions that drove sales, profits, and   world class customer service. Responsible for reconciling timecards, employee development, performance reviews, and maintaining         confidentialityI worked from 08/1998 to 02/2000.  I'm proficient at leadership, interpersonal skills, and benefits.]
18422164, [I got my masters   public administration in english writing from northern kentucky university. As a TRUSTEE BOARD MEMBER, I worked from Sep 2014 to Dec 2015. And my major duty is Appointed by the church's pastor to the board to assist with making decisions for the church.. Served as financial secretary, processing payroll checks for those on church payroll.. Assisted with analyzing and amending the church's budget as necessary.. Conducted quarterly business meetings with other board members providing financial update of the church to the members. I'm proficient at human resources, research, and phone.]
30862904, [I got my bachelor of arts in human resources from john marshall law school. As a Employee Relations Generalist, I worked from January 1992 to January 1998. And my major duty is Managed HR operations and generalist duties across the nation for institute consisting of 1,700 employees and 30 facilities.. Oversaw employee relations, FMLAs, EEOC, ADA, FSLA, benefits, and payroll.. Directed hiring managers on company policies, procedures, performance management, and terminations.. Monitor recruitment "fill-rates" for Illinois Reduced unethical and inappropriate behavior, avoiding further turnover.. Key contributor in Applicant Tracking System.. Created company policy guide for supervisors and senior management.. Developed and implemented employee wellness and referral bonus programs.. Managed annual budget of $2M. I'm proficient at leadership, organizational development, and processes.]
52979663, [I got my bachelor of science   personnel in personnel from purdue university. As a Senior HR, I worked from January 2007 to October 2010. And my major duty is Industrial Development DirectorNovember 2015 to CurrentDanone - Minster, OHDevelopment of consistent technical training to assure skill attainment across the 7 manufacturing sites in the region.. Environmental, Health & Safety DirectorOctober 2010 to October 2015Dannon - Minster, OHEstablished and led regional safety and health network for 4 Dannon US sites.. Expanded responsibilities to include allsafety auditing across 7 dairy Danone sites, waters division and baby nutrition divisions in the US.. Attained One Team Award for the region attaining no lost time incidents during a time of growth.Expanded skill set to become an internal ISO 22000 quality auditor and a ISO 14001 Environmental auditor.Assured EHS transition for 2 newly acquired businesses.Lead on bio-vigilance, food and site security.. Led site of 400 employees and 200 contractors in HR, training and safety functions during a time of high growth andextensive change.. Key contributor for negotiation team first union contract with BCTGM resulting in millions of dollars of savings inbenefit costs over the term of the 5 year contract.. Implemented behavior based safety methods to reduce lost time from 12 to zero resulting in a 3 year record of nolost time incidents.Transitioned and reduced 24 shift configurations to 4 by implementing 12 hour 24/7 shift organization.Succession plan recruiter lead to assure bench strength in industrial manager and supervisor roles.I worked from January 2002 to April 2007. And my major duty is A Bayer Material Science Company - Sheffield, MALed HR/Training functions for 5 New England States.. Closed one facility including outplacement of personnel.Team member for carve in team to align another site into a wholly owned subsidiary of Bayer.Transitioned 24/5 operations to a 24/7 schedule after successfully defeating union organizing campaign.Led cross-functional training team to attain $141,000 Massachusetts workforce development training grant.Assured completion of training of new employees and cross training of personnel from hourly to executive level.. Implemented crisis management process, including negotiating local employee assistance vendor incoordination with national contract.Oversaw recruiting activities to identify top talent using consistent, high impact recruiting and compensationmethods.Contributed to the Job Safety Behavior Observation process (JSBO) by conducting ongoing health, safety andISO audits.. Reason left - trailing spouse.I worked from January 2000 to February 2002. And my major duty is Angola, INServed as process owner for operations of human resources functions, operations quality organization, as well asliaison to division and corporate information systems and finance functions.. Facilitated staff role identification and structure to provide support to customer-centric organization.Led order fulfillment team.. Reduced errors by 83% using structured problem solving approach.Implemented performance management process.. Reason left - plant closure Human Resource ManagerJuly 1996 to December 1999Ingersoll-Rand ARO Fluid Products Division - Angola, INManaged human resource functions, including safety, training and development, workers' compensation, organizational effectiveness, staffing, payroll and labor negotiations.. Served as chief spokesperson in UAW contract negotiations team integrating cell based and skill based paylanguage.Communicated and implemented policies and procedures, including Americans with Disabilities (ADA) andFamily Medical Leave Act (FMLA).Contributed to Kaizen, suggestions, business strategy planning, and safety teams as well as quality advantagetraining, quality of leadership, and money stream training.Reduced absenteeism from 4% to 1.5%.Implemented case management and return to work programs, reducing average lost days from 273 to zero.Reduced workers' compensation costs by 62%.Closed 114 grievances without arbitration in 3 years.. Human Resource ManagerFebruary 1989 to March 1996Hendrickson Truck Suspension - Kendallville, INOversaw human resource functions for multiplant operations.. Functions include safety, training and development,workers' compensations, organization effectiveness, staffing and labor negotiations.. Managed 3 direct reports Implemented first HRIS - ABRAAttained 3 promotions and received the Hendrickson President's Award.. Reason left - reorganization. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and negotiation.]
28828844, [I got my associate of arts in sociology from hunter college. As a HUMAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT/PAYROLL COORDINATOR, And my major duty is Provided general administrative support to HR Director, Generalist and Staffing team of five.. Delivered new hire orientation of benefits and payroll procedures for all new hires.. Processed all payroll functions such as new hires, terminations, Leave of Absences. I'm proficient at leadership, forms, and benefits.]
21830565, [I got my b   s     pharmacology university of dundee b   s     pharmacology in pharmacology from pharmacology university of dundee. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from January 2000 to January 2001. And my major duty is Provided general support for the HR department and director of HR. Responsible for all company events, recreation programs, answering general benefits inquiries and ensuring completion of all paperwork. ]
27523575, [I got my bachelor of arts   culture and media studies in arts   culture and media studies from eugene lang college. As a 1st and 2nd Grade Sunday School Teacher, I worked from Oct 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Planned lessons and created classroom materials to instruct students about Judaism.. Established and enforced rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order among a class of 18 students.. Created and enforced child-based hands-on curriculum to promote student interest and receptive learning. I'm proficient at human resources, great organizational skills, and critical thinking.]
39081840, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from george mason university city. As a Human Resources Executive Secretary, I worked from 02/2011 to now.And my major duty is Organized and managed Human Resources department's events and meetings. Created and managed the Senior Vice President of HR and Legal's calendar and meetings. Prepared minutes for the department's monthly meeting. Assisted in preparing department's Standard Operating Procedure manual. Assisted with HR admin works as required Ordered and controlled the office supplies. I'm proficient at beginner knowledge in content management system cms, kelly, and and words.]
20925036, [I got my master of science   human resource management cardiff university uk human resource management master   s degree in computer science from mgm college. As a Associate,  I'm proficient at leadership, gdc, and bi.]
15576950, [I got my diploma in rogers high school from rogers high school. As a Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is Greet and receive visitors.. Answered heavy phone traffic.. Maintained inventory of office supplies.. Coordinated CPR classes for customers and staff.. Assisted staff in coordinating meetings and telephone conferences. I'm proficient at telephones, insurance, and processes.]
29564653, [I got my bachelor of fine arts   visual communication in visual communication from american intercontinental university. As a Administrative Assistant - Education Department, I worked from January 2006 to January 2007.  I'm proficient at sharepoint, new hire paperwork, and training.]
14886205, [I got my b   a english in english b   a english introduction to industrial   organizational psychology from university of california city. As a Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is Administered 300 clients' tax records to boost company efficiency Doubled the company's client intake by entering financial data into Quickbooks, organizing personal and corporate income/expenses, and creating expense spreadsheets which optimized our processing system.. Managed 15 payroll accounts by processing payroll data, delivering paychecks, and preparing then filing payroll/sales taxes as optional services to business owners.. Established and maintained strong client relations via phone, e-mail, or in-person communications ensuring client loyalty and building long, trusting relationships.. Successfully resolved clients' tax problems after defending their case in professional correspondences to government departments.. Maximized productivity by managing the schedule, files, supplies, and overall aesthetics of office. I'm proficient at leadership, e mail, and taxes.]
17412079, [I got my masters of business administration in human resource management from bndc university karnataka university. As a HR Assistant, And my major duty is I was able to reduce the employee attrition by 5%  in my Business Unit with higher Employee connect and rolling out programs boosting the employee morale.. Worked on developing  the existing Employee Appraisal process to a comprehensive Performance Management process  resulting in several reduced iterations for the HR Team.. Helped the Senior Leadership team in defining a crisp Career Path - for both technical and Managerial positions.. Devised a special program for the High Performers in the Organization leading to differentiated career trajectories retaining the top 5% of the Organization.. Worked on optimization of the existing Reward and Recognition process.. Developed internal job portal aimed at providing collaborative environment to facilitate 	Internal sourcing.. Worked on 360 degree feedback process for the Managers.. Handled 500+ Employees in a Business Unit as a Single Point of Contact for all HR activities Performance Management Conduct awareness sessions on Company's performance management philosophy, tool etc Annual Increments and Promotions - manage the end to end closure of Compensation increment and promotion cycles including the budget calculation and distribution.. Handle Performance Improvement Plan for the bottom performers and handling other disciplinary processes such as warnings and termination.. Manager Feedback/ Skip Level - administer skip level that provides feedback to the manager which acts a development tool for improvement Successive planning initiatives with 360 degree feedback.. People Engagement Project Level Engagement Survey - administer the survey for various strategic accounts to understand the health of the account.. This includes context setting with the employees, administrating the survey, feedback collation, analysis, and account specific action plan in collaboration with the managers All Minds Meet - Organize meets to connect the employees with the Top Level Leadership Monthly HR review with the delivery leadership team to review and educate them on various people aspects/concerns Rewards and Recognition - Recognize the right talent, approval of nominations and rewarding them.. Fun activities - Fun teams formed at the account level and assist them to come up with the regular fun charter People Management Retention Management - to come up with proactive measures to retain the top talent Attrition Management - discussion with the resigned employees and exit management Relocations and Transfers - approval of onsite and offshore compensation fitments during relocation and offshore assimilation Operational Activities Prepare and maintain Human Resource Information system records/Employee files , various headcount related reports, MIS tracking, Joining reports, attrition tracking reports etc.. Analyzing the data and projecting Trends to enable better business decisions.. Handling Orientation and On boarding for new employees.. Providing and processing payroll Inputs.. Managing the Employee benefits such as Medical Insurance.. Coordinating for Training and Development needs of the employees.. Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.. Work with corporate group in running Organization Development activities.. Planning birthdays, employee group events.. Handling the leave management systems and maintaining timesheets.. Keeping the employee policies and procedures updated and educating employees on these through positive reinforcement.. Recruitment: Working with hiring managers on Recruitment planning.. Identified, engaged, and recruited qualified candidates by performing sourcing activities such as: market and Internet research, internet job board searches/postings, referral recruiting, social media networking, attending seminars, and local networking events.. Conducted interviews to assess skill level, presented candidates for client review and final selection, drove offer process including reference checks, salary negotiations.. Special Assignments: Designed and Managed the " Mentor Me" program to motivate the high performers in the Organization.. Handled a team of 3 members and made it a highly successful program. I'm proficient at leadership, organization development, and insurance.]
16861758, [I got my certified nursing assistant in nursing from edgecombe community college. As a Pharmacy Technician, I worked from March 1999 to January 2000. And my major duty is Retrieved patient's information from the computer Provide Client's information to pharmacist and other Healthcare facilities.. Filled prescriptions with assistance from pharmacist Answered phones Inventory coordinate. I'm proficient at active listening skills, strong organizational skills, and courteous demeanor.]
93112113, [I got my b   a   sociology   psychology in sociology   psychology from state university of new york. As a HR Assistant, I worked from 11/1998 to now.And my major duty is Manage the Human Resources Information System (HRIS).. Assist the HR Director in recruitment and new hire orientation.. Review policies, procedures and benefits with employees.. Provide assistance with benefit programs including health, 401K, short term disability and life insurance.. Process disability claims, health insurance and 401K enrollment forms.. Maintain employee files to meet governmental regulations. I'm proficient at juneand professional human resources certification phr.]
15041689, [I got my h   s   diploma in mathematics from newberry college city. As a HR Coordinator, And my major duty is HR for 4 daily and 2 weekly newspapers, approximately 400 employees.. Report payroll biweekly using Simplex/Winstar timekeeping system Recruit for open positions; Manage onboarding Provide assistance to employees and managers regarding policies and processes Organize and conduct annual open enrollment for benefits; consult employees on all benefit programs and general procedures Design and deliver weekly and monthly HR and payroll reports for upper management; Maintain PeopleSoft HRMS database and personnel files Reply to employment/wage verifications for employees; conduct exit interviews; handle unemployment claims; complete annual wage surveys Administer and maintain COBRA, STD, LTD and WC files in addition to OSHA reporting Conduct annual anti-harassment and safety training. I'm proficient at enterprise, processes, and benefits.]
80162314, [I got my master of art   human resources management in human resources management from concordia university city. As a Personal Banker, I worked from 09/2008 to now.And my major duty is Wells Fargo Bank, Minneapolis MN, A foremost organization in banking and financial field.. Customer assistance for personal/business/consumer lending products. Working  with  Wells  Fargo  partners  in  privet  banking,  insurance,  mortgage,  investment  and  retirement  to  increase solutions and profits.. Coaching and working with tellers and customer representatives in maximizing service and sales solutions.. Helping to bring branch customer satisfaction scores up and striving to meet optimum customer satisfaction resulting in successful survey outcomes for branch.. Working as a loan office, originator, opening and maintaining consumer loans I'm proficient at hr policies procedures, organizational development, and employee relations.]
20993320, [I got my master of arts   organizational leadership in organizational leadership from colorado state university. As a HUMAN RESOURCES/OFFICE MANAGER, I worked from 06/2003 to 04/2011. And my major duty is Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees.. Worked with senior-level management to create fair and consistent HR policies and procedures.. Developed an employee handbook, including content and layout.. Guided the development and management of HR operations and processes for the organization.. Created and managed confidential personnel records.. Managed personnel files according to policy and federal and state law and regulations.. Generated employee tracking reports each month.. Offered consistent payroll disbursement with accurate record keeping of employee PTO and vacation accruals.. Managed communication regarding employee orientation and open enrollment for benefits.. Resolved personnel issues regarding human resources matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections.. Planned and led training programs on staff development.. Provided support for CEO and sales team in managing operation work flow.. Handled and processed confidential client information. I'm proficient at creative problem solving skills o, ayroll r, and ecords management e.]
14640322, [I got my m   b   a   human resources   finance in  from utkal university. As a HR Consultant, I worked from January 2006 to October 2006. And my major duty is Working on individual corporate assignments and sourcing candidates for different positions for providing manpower to their requirement needs.. Counseling and evaluating candidates by taking preliminary round of interviews, calling them for final interview and doing reference checks on behalf of the candidates.. Recruiting candidates by means of headhunting, employee references, networking.. amp; jobsites depending on the resource requirements.. Working on senior level assignments (15-20 yrs experience).. Coordinating interviews, updating the candidates about the company, job profile, giving them interview tips and maintaining client relation.. Also involved in recruitment selection of new executives for our company.. Giving induction to the new entrants.. Record keeping & documentation, database management in excel.. Preparing agenda for monthly meeting.. Weekly analysis of individual performance against the set target. I'm proficient at talent aquisition, documentation, and vender management.]
26289308, [I got my m   b   a   human resource management in marketing from university of houston. As a Assistant Property Manager, I worked from January 2007 to January 2010. And my major duty is Oversaw fire life safety program, including all building financial/operational components, interaction with all tenants, new construction and renovations, permitting and code compliance, and numerous other contracted vendors available for emergency recovery.. Coordinated all engineer safety training with each assistant chief engineer each month for required OSHA safety training, including administering training, tracking attendance, and ensuring compliance.. Supervised recruitment and management of service coordinator staff, including orientation, training and development, employee issues, performance reviews, and work delegation.. Completed "green" initiatives, including assisting in LEED certification process, Energy Star applications for two office buildings, recycling program implementation, submitting campus for BOMA 360 designation, and all tenant events promoting campus as "green" campus. I'm proficient at engineer, insurance, and processes.]
23408537, [I got my associate of science   biology in biology from john a   logan college. As a Accounts Payable Clerk, And my major duty is Generated and submitted invoices based upon financial schedule.. Ensured invoices and check requests for our location were processed efficiently and accurately.. Generated accounts payable reports for management review.. Utilized talents and expertise when conducting monthly closing processes, journal entries, and accruals.. Entered all invoices requiring payment via check or bank draft.. Performed administrative tasks such as recordkeeping, writing correspondence and gathering materials.. Successfully implemented new technologies and process automations to encourage continuous improvement.. Supervised invoice processing, purchase orders, expense reports, credit memos and payment transactions. I'm proficient at technical support, cihrg member, and superior attention to detail.]
28808263, [I got my bachelors   business finance in business finance from blue river community college. As a Counter Supervisor, I worked from 09/2006 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Assist Manager with all visuals for entire store.. Responsible for delegating and planning daily staff workflow, in the absence of the store manager.. Compile store merchandise and inventory reporting.. Respond to customer inquiries and provide excellent customer service.. Provide exceptional support in the areas of operational, sales and team management, and assist with special projects as required. I'm proficient at excellent interpersonal skills, analytical and statistical reporting, and public speaking.]
18084150, [I got my master of science in business administration human resources management from university of phoenix city. As a HR Specialist, I worked from 01/2008 to now.And my major duty is Promoted company wide a broad range of HR functions; Job Fairs and , administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary actions, and managing HR records.. Co-chaired annual flex-enrollment meetings, resolved conflicts between employees and insurance carriers, coordinated health fairs to promote employee wellness and performed exit interviews.. Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group benefits databases; and develop orientation, training and incentive programs.. Key Accomplishments: Foster a teamwork/open-door environment conducive to positive dialogue across the organization.. Personal efforts were cited as the driving force behind branch's employee-retention rate of 89% within an industry where high turnover is the norm.. Devise creative and cost-effective incentive and morale-boosting programs (including special events and a tiered awards structure) that increased employee satisfaction and productivity.. Reduced benefits costs by 15% annually through meticulous recordkeeping and ensuring that company did not pay for benefits for which employees were ineligible. I'm proficient at leadership, organizational development, and medical manager.]
26671167, [I got my minor in marketing in pre   nursing from college of southern nevada city. As a Event Coordinator: Coyote U-Night Community Fundraiser, I worked from 02/2012 to now.And my major duty is Brainstormed event ideas. Oversaw budget plans. Oversaw 5  coordinating groups. Responsible for advertisement distribution and media coverage. Responsible for communication with clientele. Coordinated with 100  teachers to help with fundraiser. Ensured safety for 2,000  people I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and personal skills.]
44476983, [I got my bachelor of arts in organizational management from alaska pacific university. As a Principal Consultant, I worked from 05/2011 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Built a successful consulting business serving private and public sector businesses. Marketed business in Anchorage and Juneau, Alaska and Phoenix, Arizona.. Established excellent rapport and professional relationships with business leaders.. Created marketing materials, drafted proposals and bid on contracts. Of the bids submitted, 91% were awarded.. Initially, offered organizational management and talent acquisition services.. Additional services provided: training for management and staff from completing a time card and payroll processes to change management.. Facilitated discussions (informal mediation) services.. Set up performance and absence management expectations, policies, processes and tracking. Counseled staff, performed workplace investigations, drafted findings and supported management through the corrective action process. I'm proficient at leadership development, time management, and conflict mediation.]
16877897, [I got my bachelor of education in biotechnology from magadh university. As a Assistant Manager - HR, I worked from 05/2008 to 05/2010. And my major duty is Overlooking the recruitment process for providing best fit to the client as per their requirement.. Understanding the requirement of the position in terms of competencies, experience etc.. Sourcing suitable profiles from various sources as per requirement.. Interviewing potential candidates to do an interest check for the requirement and judge their suitability.. Coordinating with client to confirm profile suitability and scheduling interviews till final selection.. Keeping a record of operations and deal with various recruitment enquires.. Keeping excellent relationships with clients whilst helping them find the best employees for their business. I'm proficient at enterprise, scheme, and benefits.]
29091445, [I got my business in business from san jacinto college. As a Administrative Associate, And my major duty is Provided administrative or secretarial support to a department.. Worked to complete defined tasks in accordance with standard procedures.. Supports general business operations by providing simply administrative support activities.. Compiled, copies, sorted and files records of office activities, business transactions and other activities.. collect and distribute department and employee's mail.. Set up pouch mail for new projects.. Took passport and visa pictures.. Notified payroll, HR and A&F of employees new assignment or completions.. Structured and maintained a clean and organize office area. I'm proficient at business operations, ms office word, and employee relations.]
25724495, [I got my mba   human resource      icfai business school   city   state   india human resource bachelor of science   electrical engineering in electrical engineering from bharati vidyapeeth college of engineering. As a Intern, I worked from Mar 2010 to Jun 2010. And my major duty is Taking and understanding requirements from clients, sourcing applicants using "Mass Mailing, Job Posting, doing screening and lining them up for interviews with clients.. Coordinated & followed-up with respective HR departments for salary negotiation, joining. I'm proficient at leadership, negotiation, and staffing.]
24508725, [I got my master of science   human resource management in human resource management from university of clifton. As a Human Resource Coordinator, I worked from November 2007 to March 2010. And my major duty is Administered employee benefit plans including new hire orientation program, open enrollment process and wellness program.. Prepared, presented and distributed employee communications, publications and announcements.. General Human Resources Functions: Administered policies and programs relating to all phases of human resources activity including HR planning, recruitment, training and development, employee performance evaluation and appraisals, firing processes, etc.. Along with these, maintained knowledge of legal requirements and government reporting regulations affecting human resources.. Administration of Employee Relocation: Worked independently with candidates to manage the relocation process and coordinated all arrangements to include: house hunting trip, travel, temporary housing arrangements and movers.. Key Accomplishments Developed and maintained various HRIS systems to improve management of tracking of employee relations issues, leaves, corrective actions and unemployment. I'm proficient at leadership, interpersonal skills, and performance appraisals.]
11698189, [I got my bachelor of science in network information   technology administration from eastern michigan university. As a Clerical/Staff Associate IV, And my major duty is Verified and updated business caption listings in (database) Common Suite System using setup forms           received from the Directory Marketing Unit group.. Review each Directory Listing Report in detail to confirm the accuracy of the data.. Correct discrepancies between written order requests and database system.. Interpret, verify, analyze and input listings from advertising orders.. Input payroll, provided payroll administrative support for employees.. Execute directory specific reports to prepare the white pages business section for final printing and           shipping to external customers.. Conducted training sessions for all new hires on writing service orders via NetMeeting (web-based) and           classroom setting.. Created learning materials including policy & procedure manuals utilized company wide. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft office suite, and critical thinking.]
27165830, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from metropolitan state college of denver. As a District Business Planning Manager - Progressive positions leading to the Multi Unit level, I worked from Apr 1989 to Oct 1999. And my major duty is Manage all aspects of inventory control for 2 Divisions and 16 Stores in 3 states. Volume: $110 million. Develop merchandise assortment plans to meet market by market needs and maximize sales and gross margins.. Interpret and analyze data/trends and direct Store Management through team meetings, conference calls, plan-o-grams, floor layouts, and direct training.. Coordinate divisional training for 45 first level managers, 25 Supervisors and more than 500 Sales Associates.. Plan and supervise all merchandising, selling and sales promotions activities for the Women's division.. Advise Store Management on personnel functions, merchandising, loss prevention and customer service; communicate and ensure compliance with company policies, procedures and programs.. Set measurable goals and objectives with First Level Management; review and evaluate performance in achieving objectives.. Organize and conduct team meetings to provide leadership and direction to motivate management and sales staff.. Open new stores; hire staff and oversee initial set-up. I'm proficient at coaching, performance analysis, and employee relations.]
47470864, [I got my business administration   human resources in business administration from strayer university city. As a Senior Customer Service Representative, And my major duty is Updating customer's information; inputting recent financial data.. Provide training and support to employees on banking procedures and terminology.. Answer customer inquiries and completed troubleshooting on banking software.. Provide day-to-day guidance, coaching, and support to management and staff.. Receive and responds to questions and complaints from the public.. Develop and oversees the completion of work projects.. Complete projects as assigned including information gathering and tracking. I'm proficient at insurance, forms, and benefits.]
34740556, [I got my bachelor of science   bs     business administration in business administration from university of southern mississippi. As a HR Supervisor, I worked from August 2008 to August 2010. And my major duty is Poultry processing plant employing 1,000 employees.. Responsibilities included a broad range of HR functions, including training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR records.. Key Results: Trained members of management on interviewing techniques and best practices, conducting workshops and one-on-one coaching sessions that contributed to sound hiring decisions.. Projected daily staffing needs to maintain adequate staffing levels.. Managed hourly cleaning staff, and HR/safety clerks.. Managed new-hire orientation program to include HR information and company resources. I'm proficient at organizational development, staffing, and benefits.]
18557164, [I got my bsbm   business management in business management from university of phoenix. As a Regional HR Specialist, And my major duty is Talent Acquisition Consultant: Mortgage Fulfillment, Consumer Collections.. Grand Rapids Leadership Program Repossession Supervisor - Consumer Collections(Staff size 18)/ Foreclosure Supervisor - Consumer Collections (Staff size 10 Training Facilitator - Consumer Collections New Hire training (Class size 6-12) Inbound/Outbound Collections. I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and microsoft powerpoint.]
19179079, [I got my bachelor of science   management of human resources in management of human resources from colorado christian university. As a Human Resources Coordinator, I worked from 06/1994 to now.And my major duty is Coordinated the recruiting process, set-up interviews, screened candidates, and extended job offers.. Conducted new hire orientations, handled employee inquiries regarding health, dental, 401k, HR issues, and company policies.. Assisted with employee spending accounts and benefits administration, input employee information into automated HRIS database.. Developed and administered service award program for employee appreciation.. Planned and coordinated company sponsored programs such as the Annual Blood Drive, Health Fair and Employee Store. I'm proficient at negotiation, training, and eeo.]
13376919, [I got my mba   human resources      ghs   imr business school india human resources b   com in b   com from uttar pradesh university. As a Branch Operations Officer, I worked from 05/2007 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for overseeing all activities in regards to opening new corporate accounts Assisted in developing marketing resources directed at new and existing corporate customers Accredited for creating and executing sales training classes for all new associates Responsible for creating a strong network of local corporate clients Handled branch banking operations effectively. I'm proficient at processes, sales training, and hiring.]
26048718, [I got my doctorate of business administration in political science business management from texas a   m university. As a Human Resources Consultant, I worked from 09/2008 to 01/2009. And my major duty is Assisted with the coordination of the Employee Satisfaction Survey (YOU COUNT) and generated statistical reports for Executive Leadership.. Collaborated with physicians to develop and coordinate the Physician Satisfaction Survey and generated statistical reports to Executive Leadership.. Delivered the FISH Philosophy and State required sections of New Employee Orientation.. Coordinated and generated reports on the Leadership Development Courses ROI Work Projects.. Facilitated Leadership Orientation on campus and at CMC sites.. Assisted department with UTMB Recognition Events (Service Awards and GEM Program).. Collaborated with UTMB Recruiters to facilitate Job Fairs and classes (i.e. Resume Writing, Interviewing and Job Search) for employees whose employment was affected by Hurricane Ike.. This position eliminated due to aftermath of Hurricane Ike). I'm proficient at compensation employee retention, and implementing compliance, and proficient in microsoft office and hris systems.]
17150707, [I got my b   s   business in business from western michigan university. As a Specialist, I worked from November 2006 to December 2007. And my major duty is Processed short term disability payments.. Administered leave of absences, including FMLA, for client organizations.. Responsible for reporting and metrics. I'm proficient at technical support, processes, and forms.]
18297650, [I got my pm post graduate diploma management management in management management from symbiosis law college. As a Senior Executive, I worked from 06/2002 to 06/2005. And my major duty is Mitra Technology Foundation is an organization working in development sector, which aims at leveraging Information and Communications Technology for this sector.. The company in collaboration with different organizations runs recruitment programs to provide required skills at the right places.. One such flagship program being run by the organization is "I-volunteer" to map job volunteering opportunities in India and other developing countries across the world with the right skill set.. As HR, the job's main thrust areas were Recruitment and Induction.. Besides this I was also involved in internal employee communication activities related to HR Policies.. The main job activities were Recruitment Scheduling, posting positions Screen/ Initial interview qualified candidates Coordinate interviewing teams and schedule Induction New hire paperwork, and process new hires for integration into organizational functions and systems I had been working on different requirements like medical, teaching, technical and other skills.. As the company used to outsource all kinds of skills who were ready to work in this sector, the job included covering not just technology space opening, but also opening in non-technical streams.. Other Internal Communications with employees regarding the company policies Liaison for staff on all personnel related matters to appropriate parties (accounting department/payroll, benefit providers, etc.) Participate and contribute to a variety of other HR projects and tasks 5. I'm proficient at informatica, closing, and sql server.]
23510685, [I got my master of industrial and labor relations in human resource management from cornell university. As a HR Specialist, I worked from August 2003 to July 2006. And my major duty is Managed the implementation of HR practices and services among 2,200+ sales employees in 45 regional offices in China. Developed HR plan with responsibility for performance evaluations, salary negotiations, headcount budget management. Supervised Nestlé campus recruitment and interviewing process with Assessment Center tool among top universities in China. Consulted with personnel on important HRIS maintenance and database administration projects Prepared monthly HR reports detailing turnover, headcount balance, staffing efficiency, organizational charts, and HR ROI's. Coordinated annual salary review and compensation analysis and processed employee incentive adjustments processes. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and organizational development.]
39970711, [I got my master of science   ms     human resource management in human resource management from franklin university. As a Commissioned Officer (NCO), I worked from January 1997 to January 2006. And my major duty is Served in various positions and locations throughout military career.. Developed human resources responsibilities, including mentoring and counseling personnel, conducting medical and basic skills training and education, managing staff scheduling, and coordinating and documenting treatment.. Within scope of this responsibility, also directed the personnel operations of 1,000-person medical company, including file documentation, plan monitoring, and processing and training and development documentation.. Progressively assumed increasing levels of responsibilities, positions, and earned promotions ahead of peers.. Key Results: Utilized Microsoft Access to automate previously manual documentation processing system for 1,000-person company, resulting in elimination of lost documents, communication breakdown and improved tracking of personnel activity.. Served as unit Joint Commission and Accreditation of Healthcare Organization inspector and committee representative for an organization earning difficult-to-achieve 100% score on accreditation and maintaining it under 2-year tenure.. Adapted formal standard operating procedures (SOP) through use of job and task analysis techniques; implemented resulting changes to enable flexibility within diverse environment, resulting in a 30-40% improvement rate and increased operational productivity.. Received multiple medals of recognition from U.S.. Army including: 3 Commendation Medals, 2 Army Achievement Medals, 1 Good Conduct Medal and various other decorations.. Awarded Noncommissioned Officer of the Quarter, 109th Medical Battalion, Third Quarter 2003. ]
20806155, [I got my associate   microcomputer applications associate degree           miller   motte college   wilmington   nc united states gpa        of a maximum       credits earned      credit hours major   microcomputer applications relevant coursework   web development   pc operating systems   project management   desktop publishing   presentation graphics   pc hardware   software a     advanced database management   advanced spreadsheets   advanced word processing   e   commerce capella university minneapolis   city   state   us master   s   human services master   s degree in human services from miller   motte college. As a Specialist, And my major duty is Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40 Fort Bragg, NC Permanent/FT Supervisor: Iris Murray (910-432-2392) Served as Fort Bragg Installation Civilian Personnel Information Systems Manager with full responsibility for establishing and implementing automated personnel policy, providing advisory services, and resolving HR automation user issues. This included system access control, HR automation training administration and instruction, HR automation system software functionality and interface issues, hardware troubleshooting, installation and maintenance, and regulatory and procedural guidance, etc. Systems included: FASCLASS, AutoNoa, USA Staffing, Business Objects Applications (SAP Software), CPOL, DCPDS, CSU, eOPF, ASARS, etc. Designed, constructed, tested, deployed, and maintained organizational SharePoint infrastructure. Designed customized web-based management tools to improve organizational efficiency, communication, and archiving capabilities. Served as the Webmaster for the Fort Bragg Civilian Personnel Advisory Center (CPAC) internet and intranet products with responsibility for ensuring release compliance, proper website structure and architecture, ease of use, and esthetic appeal. Wrote detailed technical plans to maintain organizational functionality in the occurrence of service interruptions due to software incompatibility issues resulting from Network Enterprise Center compliance demands and newly implemented network configurations. Managed storage capabilities and built a detailed archival system to maintain organization's historic documents. Analyzed organizational automation training needs and constructed detailed training plans. Coordinated training registrations for internal and external customer base. Constructed customized slides and literature to meet training needs. Delivered short-term and extended training sessions on HR automation program functionality, troubleshooting, capabilities. Performed onsite and phone-based troubleshooting of HR automation programs. Assisted users with identifying likely causes of functionality problems and employed non-standard and standardized troubleshooting to solve user issues. Managed all user account requests for all Fort Bragg users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. HR Specialist (Recruitment & Placement/Info Systems) GS-0201-12	08/2012 - 02/2013 Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40 Pine Bluff, AR Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077) Served as a senior HR Specialist leading a four-person team in the accomplishment of recruitment and placement work. Responsible for analyzing workforce capabilities and equitably distributing workload to best utilize organizational resources. Set and tracked suspenses and deadlines on assigned work. Set workload milestones and regularly monitored whether my team was meeting the goals as projected and adjusted my approach accordingly to meet production requirements. Assigned and tracked all pre-work to ensure analytical accuracy in the strategic recruitment discussion and job analysis phases. Reviewed all RPA coding and remarks prior to submission for processing. Continually analyzed work practices and processes to gather data for streamlining or process change proposals. Managed all user account requests for all Pine Bluff Arsenal users to include initial request, modifications, and deletions. Provided advisory services to CPAC staff and external managers on automation issues, proper system usage and guidelines, and general account maintenance. Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation. Performed workforce needs assessments to determine the overall intellectual resources, skill level and training needs of junior HR Specialists and HR Assistants. Advised the HR Officer on learning progression, areas of needed improvement, and recommendations for training of the junior HR workforce. Constructed training materials and performed workforce development training for my organization. Conducted reviews and quality control of all assessments and vacancy announcements of my team prior to publishing and use the resulting observations in the construct of developmental training. Designed and conducted on-site training on HR processes and automation to a workforce of over 1,200 employees. Assessed existing HR training programs and determined the need for adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on employee feedback and productivity measures. Constructed new training materials and delivered organizationally standardized training. Performed strategic recruitment discussions to determine proper position classification, area of consideration, and overall recruitment plan. Conducted detailed job analysis in concert with hiring managers and subject matter experts. Built and edited vacancies, assessments, and vacancy announcements (Delegated Examining Unit and Merit Promotion) using USA Staffing. Coded personnel actions. Performed post-selection processes. Advised the post Command group and directorate level managers on difficult HR issues, i.e. attrition management, regulatory determinations, etc. Conducted regulatory, organizational, and procedural research, analysis, and synthesis of human resources related laws, policies, and regulatory guidance in order to write proposals to address complex staffing solutions, production focus, and HR process improvement. Analyzed organizational composition and provide position management and classification support to assigned organizations under the General Schedule (GS) and Wage Grade (WG) pay schedules. Advised managers on the position classification process and the use of various classification references and automated tools. Performed routine and non-routine position classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical, technical, other, and blue collar position. Performed FLSA determinations. Researched and analyzed classification regulations, handbooks, references, and regulatory guidance. Analyzed position description data and write position evaluations. Served as the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance. Conducted PPP file and match audits. Continually monitored program to maintain operational and procedural consistency, determine need for process improvements, and ensure registrants are receiving proper service and assistance. HR Specialist (Classification/Recruitment & Placement) GS-0201-11	08/2011 - 08/2012 Department of the Army, Civilian HR Agency Hours per week: 40 Pine Bluff, AR Permanent/FT Supervisor: Kimberly Malone (870-540-3077) Served as the HR Automation Program Administrator. Provided technical assistance and advisory services within the CPAC and to all post-wide users for personnel automation systems. Served as the installation Information Management Officer for HR automation Managed organization-wide HR automation account establishment and end-dating. Advised managers and employees on system functionality and limitations. Specialized in the use of Business Objects Applications program to provide Defense Civilian Personnel Data System (DCPDS)-based reports and statistical analysis for the post command group and servicing CPAC. Supervised roll out of new automation processes, e.g. CAC enabling, PPP Pre-requisitioning (ASARS), USA Staffing conversion, etc. Constructed guidance and instructions to assist in resolution of personnel system user issues and informs users of upcoming automation changes or outages. Gathered and analyzed user experience data to determine the need for system adjustment, replacement, or maintenance based on employee feedback and productivity measures. Served as the Pine Bluff Arsenal USA Staffing Super User responsible for implementing Regional changes, keeping the workforce informed of functionality issues, attending bi-weekly Regional meetings to stay abreast of automation developments, maintaining user and customer accounts, building custom notification letters, troubleshooting, and answering questions related to system functions, usage, and regulatory guidance. Created and manipulated automated databases using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access. Used varying databases, universes, and data elements to construct complex Business Objects Applications reports. Utilized these reports to retrieve employee statistical and profile information for analysis and interrogatory requests. Provided guidance on merit system principles, prohibited personnel practices, HR regulations, and the development and use of valid selection criteria and processes. Advised management on recruitment strategies, sources, appointment authorities, and special programs. Performed routine and non-routine position classification of supervisory, non-supervisory, leader, professional, administrative, clerical, technical, other, and blue collar position. Analyzed and applied classification standards, SOP's, laws, and regulatory guidance to conduct classification and FLSA determinations on a variety of position including Wage Schedule and General Schedule non-supervisory, supervisory, wage grade, wage leader, and wage supervisor positions. Analyzed position description data and wrote position evaluations. Researched and analyzed relevant federal regulations and guidance to determine legality and options. Crafted suggestions and recruitment strategies for presentation to the post command. Presented monthly HR-related training to a diverse workforce consisting of over 1,200 employees. Served as a peer-to-peer trainer and reviewer on HR functions, e.g. recruitment/placement procedures, vacancy announcement construction, job analysis, suspense tracking, and use of HR automation programs. Coded personnel actions IAW the Guide to Processing Personnel actions and other applicable regulatory guidance. Reviewed and analyzed all personnel actions prior to submission to reconcile any errors or discrepancies. Analyzed quality control RPA data and Open Goodness of Data reports to double check for incorrect event coding. Wrote vacancy announcements, determined qualifications, set pay, and produced merit promotion and DEU referral lists. Analyzed, interpreted and applied recruitment and placement regulatory guidance, laws, and policies. Assisted customers with federal employee benefits programs concerning entitlements, insurance, beneficiaries, Post-56 buy back, retirement preparation, leave, TSP, compensation, etc. Provided advisory services to staff and managers to resolve staffing, classification, pay, action processing, and related personnel issues. Served as the Priority Placement Plan (PPP) and Reemployment Priority List Program Administrator with responsibility for program operations and performance, data audits, eligibility determinations, conduct of registrant counseling, registrations, and file maintenance I'm proficient at sharepoint, security, and ppp.]
28640735, [I got my bs in human resources management from bs   human resources management business administration. As a Vice President/Business Manager, I worked from January 1988 to January 2001. And my major duty is Worked daily side-by-side and reported to the Director of the DC office.. Effectively administered  and grew office talent from 18 to over 120 employees as well as, annual income growth from $1.3M to $37M and an annual payroll and benefits budget of over $12M.. Supervised 14 human resources, finance, IT and administration professionals.. Accomplishments included: Accomplished day-to-day management and responsibility of office relocation including: market survey, selection of consultants, management of $1.9M project, build-out of over 44,000 sq.. ft.. of space and office move.. Completed project on time and on budget.. Developed, implemented and administered "The Ketchum Washington Tool Kit" - Employee handbook developed to standardize office procedures.. Results were an increase in profits and improved productivity.. Forecasted annual and quarterly budgets for all income statement line-items, which included: estimation of client income, salary and benefits, prediction of staff growth, space requirements, equipment needs, and anticipation of turnover of clients and staff.. Presented financial plans to corporate headquarters in NY.. Negotiated and produced: client, vendor and government contracts.. Analyzed and prepared all weekly, monthly and year-to-date financial statements.. Produced government billing statements.. Developed and conducted new employee orientation program.. Instituted and chaired "Quality of Life" employee welfare program to improve morale and reduce turnover.. Created and implemented Reward and Recognition Program, to enable group managers to recognize and reward more employees, thus improve morale, reduce turnover, increase office productivity, and promote teamwork. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and space planning.]
15575117, [I got my associate   applied science secretarial science in applied science secretarial science from laguardia community college. As a Executive Complaint Professional, I worked from 07/1996 to now. I'm proficient at attorney, phone etiquette, and insurance.]
27496514, [I got my master   business administration business administration in business administration business administration from southeastern university city. As a Liaison Officer, I worked from 07/2006 to now.And my major duty is Organized presentations with business partners regarding objectives to achieve.. Partnered with physicians to obtain prior authorizations for services.. Maintained and managed over 100 clients' accounts.. Ran reports to evaluate employee productivity and benchmark case load increase rate from a quarter to another.. Liaised between clients, physicians, insurers and management to inquire about potential service improvement suggestions.. Communicated important service related information to clients and upper management.. Provided feedback to client to promote quality service.. Accomplishments: Created powerful information flow procedure to improve communication.. Developed a reliable client health insurance database. I'm proficient at service level agreement, insurance, and processes.]
14256329, [I got my bsc in human resource management from university college of the caribbean. As a Teller/Customer Service Representative (HEART Trainee), And my major duty is Providing assistance as needed to the branch which equals to getting the operation of the branch up to date. Duties:. Acted as a Customer Service Representative (CSR)/Teller by opening accounts and processing transaction for members. Assisted members in using the facilities that the branch offers, also providing information on the different types of products and services that the Society offered and also of the members of the group. Batched teller transaction vouchers daily. Prepared utility payment vouchers for dispatch within the turnaround time which is set by the Society. Filed and prepared loans vouchers for dispatch daily. Prepared daily listings for the content of the Cash Deposit Box. Assisted with the filing of documents such as application cards, payroll listing, letters from internal and external members etc.. Assisted with the registration of our members on the concierge queue. Assisted with the retrieval and faxing of signature cards and other documents as requested. Prepared letters to customers and suppliers as directed I'm proficient at security, able to deal with highly confidential matters professionally discreetly, and benefits.]
19336728, [I got my bachelors of art organizational leadership     cleveland state university   april      organizational leadership associate degree in organizational leadership from cuyahoga community college. As a Preservation Technician I, I worked from October 2004 to May 2013. And my major duty is Responsible for the assembly of fabricated phase boxes, portfolios and custom enclosures for protecting historic and fragile library materials.. Performed archival sound repairs for books and pamphlets which included: rebinding books in the original covers (recasing).. Prepared and submitted books for additional processing at the bindery.. Designed complex enclosures for special projects. I'm proficient at excellent writing skills, conflict resolution training, and sound judgment.]
10694288, [I got my bachelor of science in organizational management and leadership from bluefield college city   state bachelor of science   organizational management and leadership organizational management and leadership new river community college. As a Communications Operator, And my major duty is Refer patients to appropriate areas for treatment.. Assist patients with questions and concerns via phone or walk-ins.. Answer incoming calls on a seven-line phone system.. Page doctors in a timely manner.. Update call schedules as changes occur.. File.. Overhead all codes in a timely manner.. Maintain patient confidentiality. I'm proficient at insurance, benefits, and personnel management information pmis system and benefits eligibility system bes.]
28175164, [I got my master of science   leadership   management in leadership   management from st   thomas university. As a HR Manager, And my major duty is Provided consultative direction for ground floor HR infrastructure and organizational efficiency of start-up company for multiple, high-profile client projects, such as Panasonic, LeapFrog, and AIG.. Oversaw the development of compensation functions including job analysis, salary administration, and job evaluation system as key business partner of  leadership team. I'm proficient at and sap, microsoft office suite, and peoplesoft.]
10399912, [I got my bachelor   s of arts   political science and law      montclair state university   city   state   us bachelor   s of arts degree in political science and law in political science from montclair state university. As a Office Clerk/Federal Contractor, I worked from 07/2005 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Performing Data Entry of Legal Documents and Court Case Dates.. Mail Clerk and Online Mail Information Updating. Setting Schedules for Staff or Private Meetings. Filing and Faxing of Confidential Court Documents. Metering outgoing and stamping incoming mail. Reestablishing protocols for office supplies storage and maintenance. Providing clerical support to Office administrators & Managers. I'm proficient at documenting, mail clerk, and equipment maintenance.]
20417897, [I got my master of business administration in business administration from centenary college city. As a Senior Assistant Underwriter, I worked from 03/1994 to now.And my major duty is Reviewed applications, letters, close outs, and cancellation policies.. Advised clients on policy documentation, correspondence, cancellations, deletions, and additions.. Prepared, review, rate, and issue renewals and new business policies.. Maintained and developed quality control procedures for finance contracts Developed and implemented automated monitoring systems. I'm proficient at engineer, finance, and insurance.]
18731098, [I got my master of science   health administration          california state university northridge   city   state gpa   gpa                   health administration gpa                   bachelors of arts in health administration from california state university northridge. As a Financial Operations Assistant, I worked from 02/2002 to 06/2004. And my major duty is Department of Justice entity responsible for federal criminal prosecutions and civil cases involving the United States Government.. 20 hours per week) Data entry Filing and retrieving documents Paying and obligating invoices Creating and managing entire filing system for multiple fiscal years Monitoring stock levels Preparing travel authorizations Customer service involving vendor payments Greeting and directing visitors, copying Maintain and balance contract files Accounting/payment reposting Authorized invoices for payment. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and payables.]
30563572, [I got my b   s   business administration in business administration from california state university. As a Associate Human Resources Representative, I worked from January 1992 to January 1997. And my major duty is Administered company benefit programs for 800 employees including Flexible Benefits, 401(k), and COBRA; maintained vendor relations; prepared monthly insurance billings.. Employee relations:  Responsible for employee relations issues for a client group of 100 employees.. New Hire Orientation:  Conducted weekly new hire orientation to all employees including management.. Events:  Developed, coordinated, and promoted employee events and award programs (i.e.. health fairs, seniority awards Wellness Program:  Developed and managed the Wellness Program.. Workers' Compensation: Filed and monitored Workers' Compensation claims, and OSHA reporting.. Leaves of Absence:  Processed and tracked leave of absences.. Staffing:  Supported the recruiting function. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and insurance.]
24402267, [I got my mba   human resource in commerce from bankatlal bhadruka collage. As a HR Coordinator, I worked from Nov 2006 to Apr 2007. And my major duty is Screening profiles using various job portals  & shortlisting candidates as per the requirement. Coordinating with the recruitment head at the time of walk-In's. Conducting telephonic interviews and scheduling  for next levels of  interviews. Preparing offer letters and appointment letters for the new joinee's. Completing all the joining formalities and sending the training schedule to the respective Department head and the joinee. Induction to HR policies and introducing the employee to  all the departments  and  creating a  friendly environment  for the new joinee to work. Responsible to maintain  hard and soft copy of all employees  records. Worked with employees and management to address staff members concerns. Managing  all HR administrative issues related to personal files , employment contracts , work confirmations  and notification letters. Managing exit formalities and conducting exit interviews. Administered performance appraisals I'm proficient at performance appraisal, hris, and training development.]
32308556, [I got my ba entrepreneurship in entrepreneurship from ashford university. I have 3 work experiences. I worked from January 2009 to now.I worked from August 2009 to September 2014. And my major duty is Assist in handling common workplace disputes Assist in maintaining employment policies and inform staff Assist in hiring, firing, and disciplining staff Assist in Handling compensation and benefits Assist in creating new benefits Assist in setting salaries for certain positions, and organize benefits like healthcare and pensions.I worked from January 2014 to now.And my major duty is Assist in handling common workplace disputes Assist in maintaining employment policies and inform staff Assist in hiring, firing, and disciplining staff Assist in Handling compensation and benefits Assist in creating new benefits Assist in setting salaries for certain positions, and organize benefits like healthcare and pensions. I'm proficient at cash flow, strategic warehouse management, and finance.]
27847081, [I got my bachelor of science in business from grantham university   city. As a Lead/Report Specialist, I worked from 07/2014 to 01/2015. And my major duty is Performed financial data analysis and implemented improved reporting tools.. Prepared presentations and developed project plans.. Automated manual data processes with help of macros.. Collected useful information related to customers, suppliers and industry.. Transformed data into charts and graphs for easier analysis and interpretation.. Drafted proposals and created web analytics report.. Performance Review Excerpts Jocelyn works well with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.. Jocelyn is open to change and new information; adapts behavior or work methods in response to new information, changing conditions, or unexpected obstacles; effectively deals with ambiguity. I'm proficient at engineer, interpersonal skills, and oral communication and writing skills.]
25150191, [I got my bachelor of arts   communication concentration mass communication in communication concentration mass communication from fayetteville stateuniversity. As a Branch Coordinator, And my major duty is Conserve database for storage and retrieval of assessments.. Participate and coordinate (where appropriate) job fairs sponsored by HTI and clients.. On site coordination of interview activity; run e-verifies, uphold payroll information by collecting, calculating, and entering data.. Bring up-to-date payroll records by entering changes in exemptions, job title and departments.. Resolve payroll discrepancies, maintain payroll operations by following policies and procedures and protect payroll operations by keeping information confidential.. Compile interview packages for exempt and non-exempt; perform criminal background checks and other duties as required in support of the team.. Maintain and manage all front desk operations.. Track and monitor branch applicant flow.. Weekly data entry of all applications received.. Manage and direct all office traffic.. Answer and screen all incoming phone calls and transfer as needed.. Schedule weekly orientations from the candidate pool identified by recruiters.. Responsible for overall maintenance of the filing systems and other duties as required. I'm proficient at leadership, telephone etiquette, and interpersonal skills.]
37058472, [I got my bachelor of laws in interior and furniture design from santa monica college. As a Project Manager, And my major duty is Space and furniture planning. Design capabilities along with strong organizational and communication skills, creation of  FF&E, color & materials.. Coordination of drawings and information with other disciplines while providing design support for completion and execution of design projects (space planning, details, specifications, material palettes).. Served as the single point of contact for project scheduling and changes.. Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.. Drafted action plans and led meetings with department executives to review project status and proposed changes.. Defined project deliverables and monitored status of tasks.. Responsible for small maintenance projects as the Viceroy Hotel in Santa Monica. I'm proficient at communication skills, d rendering, and autocad drafting.]
68240723, [I got my bachelors of science business management in business management from the fashion institute of design and merchandising city. As a DESIGNER, I worked from 04/2010 to now.And my major duty is Designed and developed for both international and domestic lines. Fittings, technical and constant set-up of designs. Managed Freelance Graphic Designers to ensure all concepts/designs adhered to brand-image. Style pkg. building, trim development, L/D & S/O, and BOM building in PLM. Purchasing of new artworks from studios shown. Hand drawings to display concepts for season line's direction. Technical communication with Florida Pattern-maker, ensuring fit was correct. Frequent traveling to Florida for demographic studies and trend analysis I'm proficient at time management communication managing one s time, attention to detail thorough and complete work in all related processes to end product, and conclusions or approaches to problems.]
76010167, [I got my bachelor of fine arts visual communication visual communication in visual communication from american university. As a Designer, I worked from 02/2011 to now.And my major duty is Designing a Jewelry collection for brides show. I'm proficient at languages, photo, and paint.]
19164410, [I got my ba   eastern european studies in eastern european studies from saint edward   s university. As a Assistant Designer, I worked from August 2006 to October 2008. And my major duty is Assisted designer through all phases of the design process from concept to creation Created detailed flat sketches with specs (by hand and computer - Adobe Illustrator) Completed all initial stages of product development including tech packs, cutters must and issuing style numbers Attended fittings, took notes, and communicated all updates to patternmakers Communicated with head patternmaker and seamstresses on a daily basis to oversee production of orders Created line sheets and invoices for wholesale orders, and researched new stores for future sales Maintained fabric library and sourced new vendors when necessary Consulted clients concerning style, fit, and color Oxford / 	Li & Fung  /  March 2006 - August 2006  /  Assistant Patternmaker - Women's sportswear division General Assistant to nine patternmakers in large sample room Assisted patternmakers in draping and revising patterns after fittings Transferred patterns from muslins to paper and ensure guideline specs according to tech packages Responsible for specing all incoming sample garments. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, microsoft excel, and adobe illustrator.]
29147100, [I got my bachelor   s of fine arts in digital art   design from towson university. As a Free Lance Digital/Graphic Designer, I worked from Aug 2009 to Current. And my major duty is Freelance designed for networked Clients upon request. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, adobe premiere, and microsoft powerpoint.]
25061645, [I got my bachelor of arts in visual arts   graphic design from university of illinois. As a Graphic Designer, I worked from 10/2013 to now.And my major duty is Designed flyers, brochures, posters, logos and T-shirts, etc.. for school's activities and events. I'm proficient at web design, layout, and logos.]
11919526, [I got my master of science   instructional design and technology in facilities planning and management from western illinois university. As a TRAINER, I worked from January 1991 to April 2009. And my major duty is Designed, developed, authored, delivered and implemented training delivered in the class room and online for data and security software. Project managed and collaborated with stake holders, content owners and subject matter experts to create learning objectives, content and assessments. Designed courses for various delivery methods including class room, web, computer, magazine articles, book publications, and speaking at conferences. Project managed proposals, schedules, resources, and tasks for implementation and delivery of training and proof of concepts. Implemented training as editor, subject matter expert, class manager, trainer and class administrator I'm proficient at sharepoint, other apple imovie dayana networks voice record pro sap success factors, and tech smith snag it.]
81011612, [I got my chemistry in chemistry from el camino college. As a General Manager, I worked from March 2006 to October 2014. And my major duty is Team/ scheduling/ payroll management.. Accomplishments · Eight year in business management in which I managed to lower the cost of good and increase sales and profit.. In charge of Sales operations such as ordering, inventory, and customer service. I'm proficient at inventory management, animation, and sql server.]
11722421, [I got my bachelors of engineering   textile technology in business administration from fashion institute of design   merchandising. As a Assistant Designer, I worked from 07/2010 to 08/2012. And my major duty is Casual Sportswear, Dresses and Sweaters.. Assisted in designing all types of Women's Casual Sportswear, Dresses and Sweaters. I'm proficient at drawing, photo, and color.]
13774329, [I got my bachelor   s degree   landscape architecture ndsu   city   state landscape architecture december      bachelor   s degree   environmental design environmental design in landscape architecture from . As a Key holder, And my major duty is Responsibilities include inventory management.. Employee management.. Oversight of day-to-day store operations.. Store layout.. Scheduling.. Bank depository.. Intermediate between corporate and store locations. I'm proficient at supervising, forms, and inventory management.]
35990852, [I got my b   a in b   a from university of maryland. As a Software Developer, I worked from 02/2002 to 09/2004. And my major duty is Contracted to AT&T in Orlando, FL as a member of the development team which upgraded, maintained, and monitored the Remittance Resolution System (RRS)- a system which processed over 8.7 million records and $4.2 billion in customer payments and refunds (2002 data).. My specific responsibilities included: Monitored the daily reports to make sure they accurately reflected the payments processed by the system.. Upgraded the reports as needed, based on user feedback and requests.. Used VB 6, Windows NT, SQL Server 7, and Crystal Reports 8.5.. Re-designed and re-architected the RRS trouble-ticket database system to upgrade it from a Microsoft Access file to a completely new ASP/ web based application with a SQL Server database backend.. I was also assigned the task of adding additional features, such as an all-new interface (including new graphics and all-new layout), new security (users would now have to login), user auditing (tracking who updated what information), additional reports, additional fields (to accommodate Sarbanes-Oxley code-change regulations) and to consolidate numerous systems into one database.. Used ASP, HTML, and SQL Server 2000.. Hosted an hour-long panel discussion on the history and development of video games and digital artwork at MegaCon 2015 (April 2015).. Around 250 people attended, with people standing against the side and rear walls.. I've been using the Adobe Suite of tools since 1999.. I'm as comfortable with graphic design as I am with coding so I can wear multiple hats as part of a development team. I'm proficient at upgrading, websites, and visual studio.]
36269672, [As a Owner/ manager/desiner, And my major duty is I was responsible as the owner/ manager for all the shop and it day to day operations. I also did all the H R  work, banking, cleaning and merchandising of the shops inventory. I  decorated all our windows for every floral season. My shop won several window display awards for Best Window Displays in Weatherford, Texas. ]
90066849, [I got my associate of arts   information technology in information technology from university of phoenix. As a Scheduler/Home Health Aide, I worked from Apr 1991 to Jul 2009. And my major duty is Assisted with three scheduling conversions from paper to electronic, and two additional conversions as software changed. Patient Care ]
27529455, [I got my doctor of education in  from university of memphis. As a General Education Professor, I worked from August 2006 to December 2010. And my major duty is Provided guidance, encouragement, and direction necessary to allow students to achieve established course objectives.. Worked within the structure of the syllabus, and acted as an effective classroom manager and advocate participate in the learning process.. Participated in school retention initiatives by providing regular, accurate, and timely feedback to students, and the school concerning academics, behavior, attendance, etc.. Monitored and managed online classroom learning environment using ALEKS for Algebra classes.. Maintained course curriculum and taught material approved from curriculum and developed daily lesson plans to include instructional aids.. Maintained expertise in subject area and recommended improvements in curriculum design.. Motivated students to actively. I'm proficient at training manuals, instructor, and processes.]
85101052, [I got my bachelor of engineering in computer science   engg from k   l   e   s   c   e   t. As a SEI, And my major duty is Environment	: Spring, Java 6.0, EJB, XML, PLSQL Team Size	: 20 Tools 		: Git, Eclipse, Rally, UML, Confluence Database	: Oracle 11i Servers		: Weblogic 10 Description: SEI (NASDAQ: SEIC) is a leading global provider of asset management, investment processing, and investment operations solutions for institutional and personal wealth management.. SEI help private banks, investment advisors, investment managers, institutional investors and affluent individuals create and manage wealth.. Roles and Responsibilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process for enhancement features.. Involved in the developing the Struts code.. Involved in Requirement gathering.. Used PMD and Findbugs tools.. Bug Fixing.. Unit Testing. I'm proficient at business systems, engineer, and jsp.]
22567495, [I got my master of education in public safety management from colorado northwestern community college. As a Accounting Clerk, I worked from May 1991 to September 1994. And my major duty is Processed weekly accounts payable; maintained saving and checking accounts for clients; assisted in accounts receivable billing and recording of payments; processed bimonthly client payroll. I'm proficient at course development.]
10751444, [I got my master of science   mechanical engineering robotic   manufacture in mechanical engineering from . As a re, I worked from 02/2009 to 04/2009. And my major duty is Visited construction sites with senior engineers.. Kept record of site investigations.. Dealt with paperwork with senior engineers and answered phone calls.. Helped install residential wiring in new construction sites.. Investigated electrical problems and developed the ability to read electrical diagrams and wire electrical panels. I'm proficient at component functions and testing requirements, speaking, and processes.]
11807040, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from loras college   city. As a Client Services Specialist, I worked from 05/2000 to 09/2001. And my major duty is Routinely retracted patient throat cultures and prepared for lab submission. I'm proficient at insurance, forms, and pen.]
12415691, [I got my bachelor of science computer science and mathematics in computer science and mathematics from cameron university. As a Mathematics Tutor, I worked from 10/2010 to 05/2012.  I'm proficient at softwares ide toad for oracle, php, and visual studio.]
38565119, [I got my bachelor of arts   interior design in interior design from iowa state university of science and technology. As a SENIOR INTERIOR DESIGNER, I worked from 01/1994 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Utilized interior design process across conceptual, schematic, design development and construction document phases.. Created professional presentations to communicate design intent and direction. I'm proficient at leadership, space planning, and salesforce.]
21705160, [I got my journalism        de anza college   city   state journalism in journalism from de anza college. As a Sales Person, I worked from January 2002 to January 2004.  I'm proficient at graphic designerand posters.]
26496059, [I got my associate of arts graphic design in  from penn foster college online school   i penn foster college   city associate of arts graphic design. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, team building, and adobe lightroom.]
29524570, [I got my bachelor   electronics   bsc in electronics from cmr institute of management studies. As a Assistant Technical Officer (ATO), I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2005. And my major duty is South Glasgow, NHS Trust, UK.. Duties: Data monitoring and analysis, recording and updating data base of sterilisation equipments, working as a group, work management Responsible for correct assembly , checking, packing and marking of all items prior to sterilisation The operation of a range of decontamination equipment and performance of routine user tests.. Inputting records and data required for the operation of the sterile services quality system.. Maintaining all the records, archives and IT system needed for the quality standard and traceability of the instrumentation. I'm proficient at c language, risk assessment, and dream weaver.]
15936656, [I got my republican art college in art from republican art college. As a Floral Designer, I worked from 08/2011 to now.And my major duty is Designed holiday, wedding, and graduation event displays using fresh flower arrangements.. Decorated hotel halls and private rooms.. Stocked, cut, and watered plants and flowers.. Itemized and totaled purchases for individual and corporate customers.. Ordered and purchased flowers from growers and wholesalers.. Ensured health and cleanliness of flowers and foliage before storage.. Answered telephones, took orders, wrapped arrangements.. Advised customers on how to look after the flowers or plants they buy. I'm proficient at playing piano, painting, and cooking photographing.]
13557622, [I got my fine art in  from city. As a Game Tester, And my major duty is Provided expertise in testing games.. Reported results and made sure the quality was production ready.. Worked with teams in game functionality using multi language applications. I'm proficient at sales, sound, and painter.]
41506705, [I got my associates of applied science   computer drafting and design in computer drafting and design from itt technical institute. As a Parts Sales/Commercial Sales Account  Manager, I worked from 02/1987 to now.And my major duty is Opened and closed the store for business.. Maintained the store safe.. Kept stores parts inventory up to date and accurate.. Stores commercial sales manager. I'm proficient at engineer, etc, and processes.]
32954522, [I got my associates degree   retail in retail from cape cod community college city. As a Floral Designer, I worked from 07/2002 to now.And my major duty is Worked in a dedicated team of six floral designers being able to multi task between selling, designing and answering the phone.. Created floral designs for hospital functions and organized delivery for on time arrival for the event.. Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.. Place prices or descriptive signs on backdrops, fixtures, merchandise, or floor.. Motivated staff to be positive and to give exceptional customer service in a hospital environment.. Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.. Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise. I'm proficient at telephones, receiving, and selling.]
44185767, [I got my master of arts   organizational leadership in organizational leadership from montclair state university city. As a Chief Warrant Officer Two Information Services Technician, I worked from 12/1992 to now.And my major duty is Performed system integration and administration on both tactical and strategic networks, including routers, switches, and various satellite and microwave communication.. Managed Network Operations Center (NOC) and provided multi-level support to end users.. Working with customers, internal IT and infrastructure teams, third party data providers etc.. throughout the service restoration process.. Provided base level IT support to company personnel. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and consulting.]
14014749, [I got my bachelor of arts in graphic design from university of nevada las vegas. As a Chevrolet Model/Representative, And my major duty is Representative who would tend to customers needs and questions.. Interest them in taking surveys on computers to obtain free. merchandise by Chevrolet. ]
34349255, [I got my associate of arts   interior design in  from new mexico state universtiy. As a Designers i / Owner, And my major duty is Consult with clients and/or contractors to determine scope of work, design style preferences and budgets.. Specify products and materials accordingly.. Originate and develop design concepts and presentations for clients including design drawings, renderings and furniture designs if custom curation is called for.. Provide detailed spec sheets, design drawings and pricing to contractor.. Facilitate orders and deliveries of materials utilizing spreadsheets and point of sale system.. Maintain communicative relationships with all participating parties including clients, contractors, product representatives, and installers.. Oversight and management of several projects simultaneously from concept to completion. I'm proficient at pricing, materials, and sales.]
16288901, [I got my bachelor of arts   interior design in interior design from lebanese international university. As a Fashion Designer, And my major duty is Design clothing and accessories, creating original garments or design garments that follow well established fashion trends.. Develop the line of color and kinds of materials.. Visiting textile showrooms to keep up-to-date on the latest fabrics.. Work with the stitching staff to ensure design protocols are being followed. ]
25422388, [I got my bachelor of science   journalism   marketing in journalism   marketing from texas a   m university. As a Creative Internship, And my major duty is Contributed ideas during strategic and conceptual brainstorming sessions and learned how an award-winning agency operated. I'm proficient at html coding, sense of humor, and attention to detail.]
22496394, [I got my art in art from mt san jacinto community college. As a CAD DESIGNER, I worked from 05/2014 to now.And my major duty is Prepared standard engineering computations, surveys and designs.Produced and issued precise technical specifications and data sheets.Controlled budget and established company efficiency policies to maximize profits.Surveyed project sites to establish reference points to guide construction.Monitor construction site progress and managed issues that arose. I'm proficient at leadership, coaching, and self starter.]
38744475, [I got my bachelor of fine arts   design in design from university of central florida. As a Interior Designer Sales, I worked from 07/2008 to now.And my major duty is Interior Designer and Sales Specialist for custom modern and contemporary furniture store.. Selected high-end furnishings and finishes for residential and commercial interior design projects.. Developed business relationships with local real estate developers.. Coordinated remodeling projects between clients contractors.. Implemented in-store sales space for Kartell. I'm proficient at planograms, adobe creative suite, and autocad.]
67582956, [I got my civil engineering in geology from kansas state university. As a Summer Intern, I worked from 05/1996 to now.And my major duty is Performed construction observation on U.S.. 166 from Arkansas City to Sedan, KS and K-360 which bypassed Winfield, KS to the South.. Tested soil to determine the adequacy and strength of concrete, asphalt and steel foundations.Created detailed technical drawings of structural designs according to specifications for residential, retail, commercial and industrial projects.Assessed and re-designed facility plans based on sales requirements and revised business model. I'm proficient at engineer, autocad, and microstation.]
26676567, [I got my b   a   visual arts southeastern louisiana university   city   state earned     credits   visual arts bachelor   s with a concentration in graphic design and marketing in graphic design and marketing from southeastern louisiana university. As a Print and Web Designer / Student Ambassador for the Arts, And my major duty is Responsibilities:. Built and designed Websites for the university groups and  administrator offices. Created posters, fliers, t-shirt designs and marketing material for events on campus (SGA, Greek Life, CAB). Supervised and Assisted the department chair for various  University events.. Directed and managed events for student university events, Family Day, Strawberry Jubilee, Gumbo Ya-Ya, and more.. Accomplishments:. Department Chairman for web and graphic designs for Southeastern Louisiana University's student life 2011.. Acted as coordinator and assistance to department chair for university events.. Elected lead web and graphics designer by student body 2012. I'm proficient at design production teams, indesign, and desktop publishing software photoshop.]
14724186, [I got my high school diploma in high school from shadle park high school. As a Colorist and Paint Specialist,  I'm proficient at materials, sales, and clients.]
10748989, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in interior architecture from wake technical community college. As a Design/Drafter, I worked from 05/1980 to 01/1986. And my major duty is Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.. Successfully resolved complex technical design issues.. Interfaced with design team members, including contractors, consultants, fabricators, architects and regulatory agencies.. Specified proper products and materials for each project.. Originated and developed creative design concepts.. Prepared construction documents and details to implement design concepts. I'm proficient at leadership, carpentry, and press.]
26924514, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science   florida international university   city   state masters of instructional   system design from florida international university. As a Intern, And my major duty is Key Accomplishments Selected to Decision Review Officer (DRO)curriculum development team Completed Learning Analysis Report for the DRO project Successfully reviewed Veterans Benefit Administration (VBA) Training and Performance Support System (TPSS) storyboards and VBA's LMS (Learning Management System) functionality and identify any discrepancies and functions that would initiate actionable items that needed to be addressed Successfully evaluated technical competences by mapping the competences to the VBA provided Task Analysis reports Effectively revised Life Cycle Maintenance (LCM) for assorted VBA training courses based on Section 508 requirements Successfully re-wrote VBA's assessments in six courses based on Section 508 requirements for the VBA Created matrices for three VBA web-based courses (Loan Technician, Loan Specialist, Public Contact Representative) mapping how task for each course link to knowledge, skills, aptitude and competencies Effectively reviewed storyboards for construction, errors and ensured storyboards meet designed conventions for projects, e.g.. prompts, bullet points and links Collaborated with SMEs to develop course curriculum for the DRO project Effectively collaborated with HPT s and SMEs to develop the DRO curriculum.. Analysis and design activities include creating design task flow charts, narratives, and SME interview questions. I'm proficient at leadership, training manuals, and instructor.]
12674307, [I got my bachelor of arts   interior design in interior design from cazenovia college. As a Head Resident Advisor, I worked from Aug 2008 to May 2010. And my major duty is Served as a staff leader and peer mentor to other Resident Advisors. Assisted with the final planning, preparation and presentation of RA training. Led professional staff with coordination and implementation of RA selection. Coordinated Residential Security Aide training and assisted with their supervision. Directed students to proper references for social, personal, and academic support when necessary. Worked with Residence Life staff members and others to create an atmosphere that promotes positive interpersonal, educational, social and professional development through intentional programming. Served in a weekly on-duty rotation and responded to student crisis situations. Maintain a constructive and positive attitude that fosters personal and professional growth that enhances the quality of life in the residence halls for all residents I'm proficient at sales, microsoft excel, and communication skills.]
23951429, [I got my computer technician network specialist in computer technician network specialist from fresno city college. As a clerk, And my major duty is Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.. Cleaned and straightened work area.. Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.. Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.. Organized register supplies.. Unboxed new merchandise.. Updated register logs.. Provided professional and courteous service at all times.. Worked overtime shifts during busy periods. I'm proficient at problem resolution, bilingual english and spanish, and interpersonal skills.]
26046064, [I got my aa   visual communications in visual communications from brown college. As a Senior Graphic Designer, And my major duty is Created print materials, advertising, and large event signage.. Developed design concepts for a team of designers and ensured quality and consistency of designs.. Worked closely with upper management on various branding and design projects.. Worked closely with Federated's print shop and other local printing agencies. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, powerpoint, and html css.]
28326441, [I got my bba   international business   marketing in international business   marketing from university of wisconsin. As a Marketing Manager & Sportswear Product Line Manager, And my major duty is Planned several large scale events, delivered presentations to audiences of 200+, oversaw marketing budgets for a $50 Million dollar brand, managed portfolio of professional athletes and media VIPs. Collaborated with cross functional departments to build and execute long-term brand and product marketing plans. Designed, organized, and managed several large scale consumer events, along with all tradeshow marketing initiatives and product logistics. Initiated Thor's first online demographic survey for consumers and sales force. Compiled, analyzed, and suggested initiatives based on 1,800 consumer and 200 sales rep responses. Constructed detailed and insightful product positioning Competitive Landscape, which was referenced and applauded by the General Manager, Sales Director, Creative Director, Product Designers, and Product Developers. Appointed as key contact person with PR agency and media. Initiated weekly press release topics and assisted media with all product needs. Consistently received press in over 14 publications. Directed product launch video with athlete Chad Reed which was featured on several major motocross websites. Coordinated all web content for fall catalog launch; streamlined content with advertising and sales campaign to create consistent and unified brand message. Developed new point of purchase displays, such as signage, goggle racks, window decals, and ceiling hangings. Created new sales program with improved visual aesthetics and functionality. Analyzed sportswear sales trends and feedback to develop new product line strategies. Styled and directed athletes and models during photo shoot. Recognized as Thor's best sportswear catalog to date by General Manager and Sales Reps I'm proficient at with goals to learn sketchup and revit in near future, studio designer, and photoshop.]
78149576, [I got my horticulture in horticulture from front range community college. As a Floral Designer *Delivery Driver, I worked from Jan 2014 to Jan 2015. And my major duty is Any other assigned duties. I'm proficient at customer service, magic, and cashier.]
17555081, [I got my masters of education   instructional design in health sciences from temple college. As a Clinical Research Associate, I worked from 01/1995 to 01/1998. And my major duty is Reviewed Research Protocol Institutional Review Board and Institutional Research Committee submissions assuring all guidelines were met prior to review by the board members.. Prepared agenda and minutes for Institutional Review Board Institutional Research Committee meetings. I'm proficient at finance, direction, and publications.]
39776400, [I got my associate of applied science in machine drafting technology from front range community college. As a Senior Mechanical Designer, I worked from 01/2004 to now.And my major duty is Designed and detailed custom coating fixtures & tooling for the BAK, LeyBold, and MSP coating chambers Designed original parts creating solid CAD models, detailed drawings, Iges or Step files for solid model geometry, PDF files for in-house data file management into SAP Processed revisions and updates for electronic drawing files, created hard copies of the latest revisions for production use Supported machine shop manager as the Assistant Manager for all in-house machining work Backup operator and maintainer for 3D printing operations using Invision S2 Created CAD models and downloaded solid model parts to create working 3D stereolithography rapid prototype parts for engineering test work and analysis Aided with the mechanical fixture and tooling equipment for assembly of rear projection light engines Direct design assistant to the head BAK & LeyBold coating engineers for two and half years.. Design and drawing software included Autodesk Inventor 10. I'm proficient at drawing, process engineering, and pdf.]
37263609, [I got my master of science   architecture in architecture from university of puerto rico. As a DESIGNER AND CONSULTANT, I worked from  to Current. And my major duty is Supported model development and subsequent animation of models.. Mentored other artists on quality standards and improvements.. Collaborated with a creative design team to complete projects on tight deadlines. I'm proficient at personal rhino revit cinema d all adobe cs autocad hdr imaging lighting market research dmax maya revit modeler sculptor, professional imaginative and creative thinking skills ability to analyze and critically assess problems ability to see the big picture as well as giving attention to the smallest detail ability to communicate effectively understanding of history cultural and environmental concerns lateral thinking skills to solve complex problems coordination and interpersonal skills to manage a complex project team, and qualifications design talent engineering ability social awareness business aptitude.]
13518263, [I got my associate of arts   arts in arts from roosevelt university. As a International Representative, And my major duty is Introduced sustainable homes to third world countries.. Trained in off-the- grid home construction.. Created professional presentations to creatively communicate design intent and direction. I'm proficient at clients, space planning, and content.]
11155153, [I got my associates degree   drafting technology city in drafting technology from south plains college. As a Senior Mechanical Designer, I worked from June 1986 to October 1992. And my major duty is Specialized in mechanical engineering/aerospace design and electro-mechanical packaging of black boxes. Generated AutoCAD-R12 design layouts, assembly drawings, and engineering details from verbal instructions and engineering sketches to DOD-STD-100C,  MIL-STD-100E/, and corporate standards.  Established datum's, dimensions, geometric tolerances to ANSI Y14.5M-1982 requirements, and application of standard notes, material call-outs and generation of parts list.  Performed change order tracking, statistical data and checking functions. Maintained web-based mechanical parts Library. Developed solutions and provided technical assistance to internal engineering; troubleshooting/configuration management change order problems. I'm proficient at computervision d personal designer, fastcad, and creo.]
54201930, [I got my bachelor of arts   graphic design in graphic design from universidad del valle de mexico city. As a Graphic Designer, And my major duty is Mexico City Consumer Goods Advertising Agency Clinets include: Rimmel London, Dannon, Sigma, Sally Hansen, Palmer's.. Produce design solutions to communicate clients' messages with high visual impact for a variety of products & activities.. Layout, image manipulation, and prepress production for offset and digital color output. Established design briefs and project time-lines. Coordinated with external agencies. Meeting clients to discuss their needs, objectives and budgets. Designing and creating a wide variety of graphic art and promotional material. Producing designs for both internal and external communications. Involving customers in the design process. Developing design briefs. Explaining design concepts and ideas to clients and colleagues. Providing graphical support for Blogs, websites and social media. Working on presentations, leaflets, trade-marks, marketing materials and banner designs. Producing accurate and high-quality design work. Examining design work for quality, consistency, and accuracy. Creating a consistent corporate and brand identity for clients. Preparing design files for production. Taking design ideas from generation through to completion. Generating multiple concepts for a campaign or project. Working on projects to strict timescales. Computer Skills: Illustrator | Photoshop | InDesign | Dreamweaver | Flash | Premier | Freehand Graphics: Logo Design, Editorial Design, Web Design, Illustration I'm proficient at marketing strategy, web design, and san.]
10466583, [I got my medical assistant in medical assistant from northwestern college city. As a Manager/Floral designer, And my major duty is Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and making bank deposits.Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire store. Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and complaints in person and via phone. Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs, as well as design floral arrangements for the cooler display and for outgoing orders. ]
26790545, [I got my bachelor of science in computer science from covenant university. As a Customer care and Digital media, I worked from October 2011 to June 2013. And my major duty is Worked with the Systems and processes department of MTN Nigeria to ensure that products launched adhere to the defined policies, procedures and quality standards as agreed within the department. -Perform UATs and FUTs of new products as directed by the Quality assurance Engineers. -Support the development of product and services end to end (Product lifecycle). -Decompose high level information into details and develop requirements specifications according to standard templates.. -Conduct research and evaluate information on new product and services that can be beneficial to the business e.g the introduction of QR code to banners which currently is a success.. -Prepare and deploy Customer awareness videos e.g Siebel CRM tips & Tricks, Hyconnect, Hynet, MTN mifi etc across regions via flash presentations.. -Use organization and time management tools to track cases and meet turn-around-times and other required metrics.. - Gather and share feedback related to customer satisfaction with regards to existing data service, messaging product and services. - Assist in the reviewing and designing of information packs and FAQs to be deployed to online Representatives in all regions.. - Monitor and report performance of existing products in the customer portfolio to the customer relations division.. -       Develop the MTN HR Career Portal.. -       Create MTN MNP teaser animation video for South Africa presentation. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, wireframes and illustrations, and powerpoint.]
11958994, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts   general education from saint petersburg college. As a Owner, I worked from November 2009 to May 2012. And my major duty is Essential Duties and Responsibilities but not limited to:Maintained a positive, upbeat atmosphere, while ensuring high customer satisfaction.Established a strong relationship with client base to generate long term business.Performed all marketing for business.Performed accurate monthly inventories of supplies and hair products.Schedule client appointments.Update and maintain customer information records, such as beauty services provided.Counted and documented opening and closing cash amounts daily.Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics.Keep work stations clean.Stay informed of the latest styles and hair care techniques.Educated clients about products and self- maintenance for healthy hair.Cleaned and maintained the entire salon. I'm proficient at attorney, interpersonal skills, and processors.]
30968749, [I got my bachelors of science   industrial engineering in industrial engineering from louisiana tech university. As a Construction Aide, I worked from 06/2006 to now.And my major duty is Designed a plan for a leadership conference for young professionals.. Developed budget and sponsorship packages to raise funds.. Used Adobe Photoshop to design conference logo, which saved the chamber $3400.. Tested and monitored product safety, leading to safer electronic communications products. I'm proficient at leadership, training program implementation, and six sigma.]
20932019, [I got my bachelor of science   mathematics mathematics in mathematics mathematics from mount mercy college city   state   usa bachelor of science   mathematics mathematics      college of dupage city. As a Payroll Auditor, And my major duty is Analyze and fix payroll errors for the Chicago Public School District.. Use of various computer databases. I'm proficient at pro engineer, d design, and creo.]
51681660, [I got my associate of science   film production in csi   advanced biology from associate of science   film production. As a Miscellaneous Crew               Dude Bro Party Massacre 3, I worked from Apr 2014 to Apr 2014. And my major duty is Production Assistant, stood at the front gate asking for proper indentification and directed arriving cast members to their proper waiting areas, as well as to costuming and make up. Brought water bottles to crew and made sure everything was locked down tight. I'm proficient at photo, avid, and edit.]
34657584, [I got my diploma in civil engineering in civil engineering from mahathma college   tirur s   s   l   c. As a Trainee, I worked from Jun 2009 to Feb 2010. And my major duty is Monitoring and Supervising Concrete Casting Works.. Day to day inspection monitoring.. Preparation of project documents.. Preparation of completion drawing.. Monitoring and coordinating with professionals.. Preparation of the progress reports which reflects the actual progress on site.. Attending weekly progress meetings.. Monitoring construction site activities such as, material supply, labor work, local payments, other paper work, etc.., Languages Known English (IELTS-4.5), Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil. I'm proficient at supervising, languages, and drawing.]
15471999, [I got my cosmetology license   licensed cosmetologist in barbering and cosmetology from eleanor roosevelt high school. As a Student Stylist, And my major duty is Cut, trimmed and shaped hair or hairpieces, based on customers' instructions, hair type and facial features, using clippers, scissors, trimmers and razors Analyzed patrons' hair and other physical features to determine and recommend beauty treatment or suggest hair styles Scheduled client appointments Utilized bleach, dye, or tint hair, using applicator or brush Shampooed, rinsed, conditioned and dried hair  according to state regulations Demonstrate and sell hair care products and cosmetics. Explained information about the quality, value and style of products to Influence customer buying decisions.Guided customers in choosing items that reflected personal style and shape. I'm proficient at proved ability to be persistence, overcome obstacles, and excellent time management skill knowing how long a subject will take to be made up and working quickly and accurately in time pressured conditions.]
18979238, [I got my bachelor of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from foothill university. As a Sr. Technical Engineer, I worked from January 2007 to July 2009. And my major duty is Assisted civil engineers on several key government projects involving roadway designs and improvements, solutions easing traffic congestion and replacement of deteriorating bridges.. Handled cost-of-materials estimations, report and document tracking, project documentation, on-site project visits, invoice/agreement verification and building permit applications.. Gained experience in blueprint reading, as well as preparation of maps and plans.. Edit. I'm proficient at engineer, processes, and direction.]
26622051, [I got my associate of science in computer science business administration from virginia college. As a Laser Machine Operator, I worked from 10/2006 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Drew and edited parts using Auto CAD Performed typical laser cutting and welding operations Selected proper cutting and welding programs, and proper fixtures Established proper stop location, adjust laser beam focal point Made proper set-ups for cutting and welding operations Performed prescribed maintenance as required Performed all dimensional inspections Detected and reported defective materials or questionable conditions to the department supervisor. I'm proficient at materials, welding, and written.]
22675694, [I got my advanced diploma in graphics   it        forest park high school   city   state   united states coursework in graphic design from forest park high school. As a Family Babysitter, I worked from May 2013 to May 2015.  I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, active listening skills, and great organizational skills.]
25023614, [I got my bfa   interior design fine arts in interior design from paier college of art. As a Interior Designer, I worked from 11/2013 to 07/2014. And my major duty is Networking with suppliers and merchants in the area.. Meetings with real estate agents, builders, and architects that we are working on projects with.. Creating and maintaining the materials library by ordering; materials, fabric samples, finishes, and design accessories.. Meet with clients, presenting the design plan and then reviewing the design plan according to the client's input.. Confirming the design plan, specifying materials, finishes, lighting and flooring.. Supervising the project to make sure it is done properly and according to the time-line.. August 2013 I started a new build of 3,200 sq.. ft.. it's a shoreline home in West Brook.. Everything custom designed from cabinetry with handpicked fixtures, staircases, fireplace, window treatments, to some of the furniture, all custom crafted pulled together in a seamless way reflective of clients' personality.. I over saw that the project was properly planned by working closely with contractor allowing to complete on time and within budget.. May 2012 I started the remodeling and updating a North Haven home.. Up to date I have remodeled the den, living room, and the dining room.. I am currently working on a bedroom and renovating the kitchen.. In the summer of 2011, I interned at New England Kitchen and Bath in Glastonbury, CT, working with their head designer, Abbey Miller.. We were able to go through the process of a job start to finish.. We went through the steps of designing and computer modeling of new spaces, the ordering of top quality materials and fixtures, to overseeing the scheduling and workmanship of installers.. In the summer of 2009, I worked in East Hampton, New York at the Grand Acquisitor, an upscale Antique Dealer.. The store specialized in antiques such as; decorative accessories, lace, linens, silver, and furniture.. The key to succeeding in the antiques business is knowledge.. I was able to see 18th and 19th century furniture, clothes, accessories, and more.. Here I learned purchasing skills and the ability to spot a good find.. I also recorded and kept track of the inventory as well as helped in setting up displays. I'm proficient at supervising, presenting, and programming.]
20390397, [I got my bachelor of arts in spanish and international relations state university of new york dual major of spanish and international relations from owens community college. As a PROCESS CONTROL DESIGNER AND FIELD SERVICE TECHNICIAN, I worked from 11/1998 to now.And my major duty is Process Control Services - Global Glass Technology.. Design proprietary control panels for various furnace/forehearth heating and cooling processes, as defined by project scope, budget and customer requirements for both domestic and international facilities.. Configuration of systems and field equipment.. Perform functional check out of completed panels.. Order all panel and field equipment.. W. rite scope of work and specifications for field contractors. On-site installation and training both domestically and internationally in both English and Spanish.. Write technical training and troubleshooting documents for both plant personnel and colleagues.. Teach training classes on new and existing systems and equipment in both English and Spanish. I'm proficient at sharepoint, powerpoint, and projectwise explorer.]
17199951, [I got my master of architecture in master of architecture from tulane university school of architecture. As a Designer, And my major duty is Collaborated on construction documents.. Developed construction/design details.. Attended job meetings.. Reviewed shop drawings.. Construction supervision.. Researched zoning and code requirements.. Field Surveys.. Prepared client presentations.. Met with product reps & vendors.. Selected Projects: -  Physicians Health Services-  300,000 SF office complex -  Playtex Products-  40,000 SF office renovation & expansion -  OCI Chemical-  20,000 SF office renovation. I'm proficient at cost analysis, investments, and renovation.]
14743911, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in instructional design from community college of the air force. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is USAF - Nellis AFB, NV - May 2009 to May 2013 Responsibilities Manage Combat Shield program to ensure all test and evaluations were met for each year; ensured program stayed within the budget given; provided feed back to AF leadership to ensure aircraft were combat capable; developed training course used Air Force Wide; briefed Air Force Leadership on findings and suggestions for improvement. Accomplishments Co-authored Technical documents; Developed training initiative called Project House Call to address shortfalls in the education command; trained military and civilian personnel world wide; won Diamond Sharp award for professionalism and leadership Skills Used Public speaking, adult training theory, management skills. Electronic Warfare Production Supervisor USAF - Nellis AFB, NV - June 2007 to May 2009 Responsibilities Ensure EW pod production outpaced the need of the aircraft; reviewed work schedule to ensure maximum use of personnel; documented all work related actions; train personnel on maintenance and troubleshooting; Brief the Shop Chief on status and repairs Accomplishments Worked with Subject Matter Experts to set up the first test stand for new pods; First military person certified to work on newest EW pod. Skills Used Adult learning Theory, Microsoft Office Suite, Leadership and Management, Public Speaking I'm proficient at training, computer based training, and liaison.]
24455357, [I got my chemical engineering in chemical engineering from national university of honduras honduras. As a Freelance Teacher, I worked from Jan 1988 to Mar 1989. And my major duty is Chemistry, Mathematics and Physics I'm proficient at outlook, ibm as, and word.]
91153752, [I got my master of arch and design in  from . As a Lead Graphic Designer, I worked from Sep 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Design for University IMechE Student Chapter. Established 1st IMechE (Institution of Mechanical Engineers) Student Chapter in China, organised. national presentation competitions. Created designs for. marketing solutions. , such as billboards, logos, shop signs, printable & movable ads and more I'm proficient at sketch, story boarding, and bluebeam.]
14528265, [I got my pickens technical college in pickens technical college from pickens technical college. As a Strip vehicles, And my major duty is Strip upholstery (seats, floors, convertible tops, and headliners).. Repaired seat foam, chrome, and leather Address Pro, Shipping Company.And my major duty is Miscellaneous inserting, packaging, and hand work. I'm proficient at welding, window, and welder.]
18460045, [As a Event Coordinator, I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Creative design and layout of event posters, fliers and banners.. Coordinator of five major community events. I'm proficient at e mail, web design, and balance.]
20986595, [I got my master of corporate media in accounting marketing from marietta college. As a Manager Assistant, I worked from February 2014 to June 2014. And my major duty is Assisted in providing consulting services to a Shenzhen Investment company including evaluating diverse portfolios, performing property analysis, identifying valuations of tangible and intangible real estate-related assets.. Fully understood investor objectives and requirements for an investment property and collaboratively built an investor profile based on their resources and requirements.. Obtained comprehensive marketing analysis and developed a strategy base on customer input such as: "We want to purchase new construction commercial properties and resell them within one year to achieve our 'high rate of return, short term investment' goal." Identified several potential shopping malls and new construction buildings in various cities in the Bay Area and Los Angeles by using a commercial real estate company "Costar".. Met with Mayor Milpitas Jose Esteves to recognize a future project, an Asian-themed shopping center - Pacific Mall for potential investment opportunity.. Contacted Los Angeles Local realtor and personally went over to inspect projects with investors.. Worked through property documents to understand current and future contact, risk scenarios, and properties' current management and performance.. Explored reducing risk for our clients, providing honor reports revealing that there was no suitable investment opportunity within investors' defined geographic target area.. Established a well functioning long-term relationship with clients to generate repeat business and obtain a top notch reputation. I'm proficient at leadership, newsletters, and speaking.]
20748926, [I got my state high school diploma in state high school from gates chili hs city. As a Subsidy Administrator/Leasing Professional, And my major duty is The Plaza Apartments is a 520 unit, two building high-rise property for the elderly, handicapped, and disabled.. My primary responsibilities were to establish rents for the tenants based on income, assets and medical expenses, based on HUD regulations.. I reviewed, verified, re-certified and notified tenant and HUD of rents and subsidy amounts approved by the Federal Government.. Other responsibilities included preparing service orders, working with security, move-in inspections and bi-annual inspections of units to coincide with order of the Fire Marshall.. General office duties which included purchasing of office supplies. I'm proficient at telephony, transcription, and data entry.]
32532982, [I got my piping designing diploma   design drafting in design drafting from chenier business college city. As a Piping Designer, I worked from 03/1974 to now.And my major duty is Designed and drafted piping, mechanical, structural steel and foundations  for various maintenance projects and plant expansion. Also drafted electrical and instrumentation drawings. Performed field surveys and shoot elevations. I'm proficient at cadworx, powerpoint and access, and microstation.]
34317538, [I got my b   s   degree   cognitive science in cognitive science from university of california city. As a Software Engineer and Human Factors / Usability Engineer, I worked from 11/1993 to now.And my major duty is Tim worked with a 5-person team to rework a graphical user interface (GUI) for an Internet TV set top box under extreme time constraints.. His role was primarily prototyping and user centered design of the GUI.. He also served as the lead prototype engineer and project manager for the graphical adventure game Timelapse.. He worked with a team of talented designers, engineers, and artists on 9 cross-platform interactive edutainment titles.. Acted as the usability and human factors evangelist in every project with which he was involved.. Ran focus groups.. Rolled out field trial in Austin, TX.. Collected and analyzed data of online usage in an attempt to better understand the users.. Assembled numerous conceptual prototypes for presentation to GTE VPs.. Assisted in the game design for 9 titles produced and distributed by GTEIM.. Established processing methods for converting rendered images created in Alias, and animations created in PhotoShop and Director, into usable assets.. Designed, prototyped, and coded product demos used for retail and trade shows.. Acted as the lead puzzle prototyper for "TIMELAPSE." Worked as the chief technologist for "TIMELAPSE." Responsibilities included investigating current and emergent technologies and determining if they were applicable to the game.. Traveled to Knoxville, TN to manage the engineering team at Cyberflix for 3 weeks and establish game requirements.. Duties also included training on the use of production tools, establishing a minimum system requirement, testing of new game engines, establishing asset needs, communicating with GTE Entertainment in Carlsbad, CA as to the status of our engineering efforts.. Worked as a liaison for the marketing department for the production team.. Designed and developed a 3D chat area using Onlive!'s Traveler and 3D Studio Max. I'm proficient at user centered design.]
19195747, [I got my associate of arts   architectural   interior design in architectural   interior design from lansing business university. As a Principal, And my major duty is Consulted with clients to determine architectural preference to meet overall design goals.. Originated and developed creative design concepts.. Assisted clients with budget considerations regarding products and materials.. Successfully resolved complex technical design issues.. Interfaced with architects, contractors, sub-contractors, consultants, fabricators, and regulatory agencies.. Specified proper products and materials for each project.. Prepared construction documents and details to implement design concepts.. Established at the time of graduation from design school, I began my independent career, on a full-time basis.  When business was slow (due to recession, etc.) I accepted employment with well established firms.  I have continued to serve many repeat clients and referrals over the years. I'm proficient at space planning, business law, and color.]
12547982, [I got my bachelor fine art in interior design from maryland institute college of art   city. As a Interior Designer, I worked from 01/1984 to 09/1989. And my major duty is Assisted interior design staff until skills were developed to independently complete projects.. Independently worked on six to eight projects simultaneously throughout the United States to relocate, increase and decrease new or existing offices.. Research, develop and design effective floor space using systems furniture.. Responsible for all activities in the design and implementation of space plans including determination of space requirements, construction documents and furniture specifications.. Thorough working knowledge of AutoCAD, AEC Architectural Template and IBM Storyboard. I'm proficient at ibm, organized, and permitting and administration knowledge.]
94417768, [I got my associate of arts in  from williamsport area community college. As a Draftsman, Layout Estimating, I worked from January 1983 to April 1984. And my major duty is Detailed shop drawings of bridge expansion systems.. Made templates from engineering drawings for shop usage.. Check drawings and shop fabrication for conformity to engineering specifications.. Layout steel for shop fabrication.. Calculate shipping weights and create bills-of-lading. I'm proficient at technical problem solving, processes, and drawing.]
24655918, [I got my liberal arts florida state university panama canal branch visual communications art institute of pittsburgh   city   state associates degree in liberal arts from florida state university. As a Graphic Designer, And my major duty is Designed interior and exterior signs, banners, trade show graphics, association graphics, dimensional signs, etc. Vectorized and designed client logos. Cut vinyl on Ioline Graphics Plotter. Printed graphics on HP 5500 large format printer I'm proficient at graphtec, microsoft office suite, and hs.]
27497542, [I got my bachelor of arts   business administration in business administration from california state university. As a Team Member, I worked from 08/2004 to now.And my major duty is Delivered friendly and prompt service to customers.  Managed stock levels to prevent shortage of items. Contributed to maintaining company integrity during each transaction. Performed as a training mentor and shift lead during critical times. I'm proficient at powerpoint, microsoft office word, and excel.]
62312955, [I got my associate of arts in fashion design from brooks college. As a Freelance Costume Design, I worked from Mar 1997 to Jun 1999. And my major duty is Assisted AFI students in developing character looks for their short film projects. Worked closely with director, head designer I'm proficient at manual sketching and mood boarding for look development of characters, digital illustration of art concepts for print, and fabric and web applications using adobe creative suite.]
22506245, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in bachelor of fine arts from alfred university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at basic knowledge of web development with adobe dreamweaver, listens to directions, and newsletters.]
28663949, [I got my master of fine art in interior architecture and design from academy of art city. As a Owner/ Freelance Designer, And my major duty is Worked as a freelance designer focusing on space planning and FFE serving the Expat community in Shanghai.. Furniture Design and sourcing. I'm proficient at ffe, space planning, and sales.]
39434376, [I got my bachelor of science   fine arts in fine arts from samford university. As a Counselor, I worked from June 2012 to July 2013.  I'm proficient at painting drawing, creative, and graphic design.]
13998435, [I got my masters of fine arts in interior design from miami international university of art and design. As a Lighting Designer, And my major duty is Developed and designed overall and specialty lighting from conception to completions for the former May Company Stores. Primarily assigned to remodels do to their more complicated nature. Designed floor plans,. elevations and created professional presentations to creatively communicate design intent and direction. Maintained accurate specifications for each project. Visited sites when necessary to assess and fulfill client needs. I'm proficient at space planning, plumbing, and instructor.]
30965258, [I got my associate of arts   digital media in digital media from western nevada college. As a Car Washer, I worked from May 2016 to Jul 2016. And my major duty is Resolved customer complaints promptly to retain customer loyalty.. Inspected vehicles for noticeable defects such as dents, scratches and torn upholstery.. Worked rapidly with minimal supervision to thoroughly clean exteriors and interiors of vehicles.. Processed vehicles correctly and followed all checklists required for closing.. Used scrapers, brushes, clothes, cleaners, disinfectants, insecticides, acid, abrasives, vacuums and hoses to clean and protect interior and exterior of vehicle.. Maintained all equipment in car wash and self-service areas, including vacuums, pressure washers, and other such equipment.. Cleaned wheels, tires, hub caps and wheel covers to protect wheels and wheel components from deterioration. I'm proficient at customer service, fine dining customer service, and safe food handling.]
18835363, [I got my bachelor   s   brain and cognitive sciences and learning design in brain and cognitive sciences and learning design from kgi   city innovative university. As a Learning Consultant, I worked from 09/2016 to 01/2017. And my major duty is Conducted needs analysis to understand barriers to learning that students were having in order to achieve student learning goals. Collaborated with Learning Team to develop a new MOOC on online learning to help students successfully complete their online courses at Kiron, a university for refugees. Developed and integrated a learning support system within their existing technology platform resulting in 50 % increase in student engagement and lower attrition rates I'm proficient at research, program evaluation, and facilitation.]
26503829, [I got my bachelor of science   business in business from university of central missouri city. As a Associate Technical Designer, I worked from 02/2006 to 03/2009. And my major duty is Worked on graphic tees for all Abercrombie brand product categories.. Worked independently in Illustrator and PLM systems to create high quality tech packs and comments at all fit stages.. Measured and evaluated samples for fit sessions to ensure on-body standards were met.. Collaborated with merchant and design teams to create and distribute tech packs to vendor partners.. Critically reviewed samples for issues and worked with vendor partners to establish production friendly constructions.. Manipulated garments in fit sessions to reflect style direction based on design and merchant feedback.. Adjusted and made pattern corrections based on garment updates coming out of fit sessions.. Applied grading to patterns and evaluated graded nests for production to ensure visual and fit accuracy between      all sizes. I'm proficient at direction, balance, and microsoft word.]
18198627, [I got my arts in arts from queens college. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Maintain daily record of all transactions and generate reports for store manager.. Write order supply requests to replenish merchandise.. Train staff to deliver outstanding customer service.. Motivate sales employees to improve morale, performance, and store revenue.. Reward top performance with visible recognition and specific perks like preferred scheduling.. Analyze marketing information and translated it into strategic plans for customer growth.. Direct sales floor activities ensuring excellence in customer service and resolving store level problems.. Establish sales goals manage budgets devise sales forecasts consistently maximizing sales and profits.. Oversee personnel management interviewing hiring training mentoring/coaching and evaluating.. Manage merchandise selection window displays and stocking working directly with vendors.. Work with corporate management developing local marketing and advertising strategies.. Key contact with suppliers / vendors securing key business agreements.. Maintained price accuracy of goods and ensured adequate stock levels. I'm proficient at cartooning, d design, and mac os.]
39252859, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in illustration from school of visual arts. As a Freelance Graphic Designer/Artist, I worked from Mar 2004 to May 2004. And my major duty is • Design board books for licensed children's trade books; ie: (Barbie, Walt Disney, Sesame Street and Nascar). • Composed cover art utilizing company's brand approved art templates, stylesheets, colors and artwork. • Design seasonal feature catalog inserts for Reader's Digest Children Books catalogs and promo-brochures I'm proficient at book packaging, adobe cs, and presentations hand outs.]
34051710, [I got my b   a   english in english from indiana university of pennsylvania. As a Secretary III, And my major duty is Support for Director of Management Information Systems & User Support Services.. Compose and prepare memos, letters, reports etc.. Set up and maintain departmental files.. Handle confidential material such as personnel files, employee turnover reports.. Reconcile monthly departmental budget variances.. Handle travel arrangements and coordinate business calendar.. Maintain assignment and personal computer logs. I'm proficient at photo manipulation, management information systems, and forms.]
37664296, [I got my associates degree in advertising design from colorado institute of art. As a Designer 3 / Illustrator, I worked from May 1983 to Jan 1993. And my major duty is Created  illustrations  for  posters,  pop,  scratcher  tickets,  spot  illustrations,  story-.. boarding,  commercial  concepts  and  presentations  for  a  variety  of  major  restaurant,.. retail,  and  state  government  clients,  including:  Sonics,  Blockbuster,  Sprint,.. McDonald's,  Einstein  Brothers,  Missouri  Lottery,  and  State  Travel  Government. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, interactive prototypes, and html css.]
21916744, [I got my bachelors degree in bachelors degree   rollins college   studio art city   state gpa   gpa          national society of collegiate scholars and phi eta sigma freshman year captain of the women   s lacrosse team   education chairman of kappa kappa gamma studio art gpa          national society of collegiate scholars and phi eta sigma freshman year captain of the women   s lacrosse team   education chairman of kappa kappa gamma      gemological institute of america completed courses in jewelry essentials and colored stone essentials   diamond essentials   nd y   new york city   may      university of edinburgh   college of art city   scotland completed courses in metal sculpture from rollins college. As a Graphic Designer & Assistant, I worked from 04/2012 to 01/2016. And my major duty is Lead graphic designer for the company's Madison Avenue Jewelry Boutique, owned by New York City Philanthropist Ann Ziff Produced all advertisements, exhibition invitations, and marketing materials, executing multiple simultaneously under demanding deadlines.. Ran and oversaw the production process for all of the print & web projects listed above, executing multiple jobs simultaneously under demanding deadlines.. Worked individually as well as collaboratively with the boutique manager, offsite art directors, producers, photographers, and printers.. Presented all assets to the boutique owner in a clear and professional manner.. Organized photo shoots, prepared pieces and their respective set ups prior to shoot, directed the photographers on product placement/layout during each shoot Updated and maintained the boutique's website and social media outlets (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Yext) As Event Coordinator, I managed logistics with offsite organizations cohosting each event, coordinated caterer, decorations, and handled rsvp lists Ran all jewelry production fabrication, and oversaw the shipping of raw materials and repairs for Tamsen Z Frequently communicated and assisted with boutique cliental directly, conducted and directed store inventory; updated jewelry database (Gemini) Handled all gift purchases and distribution for family, friends, clients, and members of several philanthropic boards, which included The Metropolitan Opera, Lincoln Center, and The Metropolitan Museum of Art Assisted with personal correspondence (edited Met Opera acknowledgement letters written on Ann's behalf and communicated these revisions to their development office), mail and phone management, scheduling, travel arrangements, all of which required excellent verbal and communication skills Owner & Designer, WYNDesigns  (october 2011) Designed and sold bespoke key chains for the line, which I created and managed.. Sold work at Amethyst, a jewelry boutique in Bethesda, Maryland.. Donated pieces to charity auctions, such as the Children's Hospital Holiday Gala in Washington D.C.. Experienced with sketching, hand sawing, welding, soldering, annealing, forging, bezel setting, sanding and polishing.I worked from 11/2011 to 03/2012. And my major duty is Handled custom client orders, worked with customers, assisted with trunk shows, updated the website, created beaded jewelry for boutique. I'm proficient at advertisements, mac os, and photo.]
15425154, [I got my master of business administration   marketing in marketing from jack c   massey graduate school of business. As a Graphic Designer, Senior Graphic Designer, Lead Artist, I worked from January 1990 to January 1995. And my major duty is Manufacturer and distributor of personal care health and beauty products for the store brand industry.. Member of an eight-person design team responsible for all corporate marketing material as well as designing personal care product packaging for various US and International clientele.. Selected Accomplishments: Piloted the "Traveling Artist" program resulting in an expedited design approval process.. Designed multi-language personal care packaging and promotional material for companies such as Walmart, Walgreens and Kroger as well as various international companies.. Designed corporate newsletter, presentation slides, sales brochures and POP displays.. Promoted multiple times within my tenure. I'm proficient at art direction, direction, and budget planning.]
24285142, [I got my bfa   visual arts in visual arts from university of north dakota walton community college. As a Visual Information Assistant, I worked from 04/2000 to now.And my major duty is Provided expertise in graphic design and marketing strategies to promote programs and events for 19 facilities on base.. Prepared, edited and coordinated the editorial design and layout of our weekly 319 Force Support's activity page "Northern Highlights" a 4-page insert for the base newspaper, "The Leader".. Collected events and programs information from facility managers, edited and designed the layout of our monthly 2-color, 8-page brochure, "The Guide".. Assigned by Base Commander and 319th Services Deputy Commander to design color logos for base annual winter and summer bash. I'm proficient at bash, book, and processes.]
24583187, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in interior design from rochester institute of technology. As a SENIOR INTERIOR DESIGNER, I worked from Nov 2006 to Jul 2010. And my major duty is Bendell Design is a boutique-style consulting firm focused primarily on commercial and high-end interior design.. Demonstrated superior client/project management abilities in formulating commercial design and space management solutions using cost-effective, and practical methodologies.. Created commercial office space solutions for several global corporations requiring designs that appealed to the aesthetics of a worldwide clientele base.. Maintained open communication channels between all stakeholders including C-level Executives, technicians, consultants, contractors, and design teams.. Remained up-to-date with project parameters including building Codes, budgets and schedules. I'm proficient at consulting, apple, and floor plans.]
29865476, [I got my bachelor of science   business in business from university of phoenix. As a Floral Designer/Sales, I worked from October 2000 to October 2005. And my major duty is Designed floral arrangements on a daily basis for customer demand, assisted customers in choosing the product that best fit their specific needs.. Ability to prepare accurate cash reports including bank reports and also opening and closing the facility on several days out of the week.. Sales, the sales in this position were required and compensation was based on commission set up by the company.. Customer service and interpersonal skills as well as problem solving and critical thinking was required in this position in order to make sure customers were satisfied and willing to continue bringing business to the organization. I'm proficient at years in branch management position with permanent employees also to include or holiday employees and drivers, over years of customer service experience, and talented multi tasker.]
25949631, [I got my associate of science in associate of science from united states marine corps. As a NCOIC, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Training and development of future NCO's (Non Commissioned Officers) as well as assisting in the physical and professional trainings of all Marines within my unit.. Negotiated prices, quantities, deliveries, and payments of merchandise from vendors on a worldwide scale.. Prepared and presented daily, weekly, and monthly budgeting and accounting reports.. Utilized various methods of payment for materials and services in order to accomplish tasks in a timely and cost effective manner.. Resolved wide range of customer problems, applying diplomacy and assertiveness to fee and budget discrepancies.. Management of SABRS (Standards Account Budgeting Reports System). Contract procurement of $350k annually.. Provided logistic support for the squadrons on an international level.. Pricing and cost analysis in the purchasing for the military requirements and mission accomplishment based on approved budget restrictions.. Responsible for inventory tracking and materials accountability using electronic spreadsheets - (CMR - Consolidated Memorandum Receipts.) I'm proficient at database creation and maintenance, online networking, and customer service.]
21283733, [I got my bachelor of science   journalism in journalism from boston university college of communication. As a Proposal Specialist, And my major duty is Provided professional proposal development support to all divisions of the ARAMARK Corporation.. Achievements Received "2006 Top Producer" Award for overall annual production and outstanding peer review.. Recognized as "Quarterly Top Producer" several quarters over the course of eight-year tenure at ARAMARK.. Recipient of above average annual merit raises as a result of outstanding performance reviews.. Key Responsibilities: Executed analysis and preparation of RFP'S/RFQ'S/RFI'S in coordination with ARAMARK business development team professionals.. Ensured responses were completed and received operating in a fast-paced, deadline-driven and time-sensitive environment.. Coordinated with ARAMARK company resources to develop business winning, quality customized responses to RFP/RFQ/RFI's including legal, compliance and finance departments as well lines of service and subject matter experts.. Applied ARAMARK corporate methodology and quality assurance procedures to ensure unified branded message and image were delivered every time.. Implemented use of standard corporate response sections based on boilerplate.. Supported customization through editing and/or writing when necessary.. Performed editing and proofreading to ensure accuracy and integrity of all proposal documentation including content flow and organization, syntax and grammar.. Created final documents utilizing QuarkXPress, Photoshop, PowerPoint and Excel.. Assisted in the development and maintenance of database/repository of past responses and supplemental documents including client references, key personnel bios, and résumés.. Supported efforts of directors of business development in procuring new business and retaining existing clients through creation of engaging, informative and well-organized marketing materials, annual client progress reports and case studies.. Regularly communicated progress status during the life cycle of an RFP; kept director of business development abreast of relevant project information concerning addenda or changes to initial response specifications.. Served as a valuable company resource by developing and maintaining a thorough knowledge of ARAMARK's extensive lines of business and services offered.. Documented valuable lessons learned to share with proposal manager and department team members.. Implemented newfound efficiencies and/or best practices into response development process.. Served as a company resource by continuously developing graphic design and layout skills to present sales material in a visually appealing and engaging format. I'm proficient at finance, advertisements, and business development.]
51018476, [I got my associate of applied science   computer networking technology   microsoft option      baker college of owosso   city   state gpa   gpa          graduated cum laude   dean   s list recipient gpa          graduated cum laude   dean   s list recipient associate of applied science   drafting   design technology in drafting   design technology from baker college of owosso   city. As a Detailer, I worked from Jul 1995 to Dec 1995. And my major duty is Maintained assembly drawings. Maintained detail changes on drawings for Rear End car parts, using CGS. I'm proficient at unigraphics nx, ms word, and software ms excel.]
13014900, [I got my associate of arts fine art in advertising design from colorado institute of art city. As a Graphic Designer, And my major duty is Licensed Disney t-shirts. Designed for T-shirt company who supplied Universal Studios and many tourist attractions in Southern California and beyond with Disney themed t-shirts, from cartoon characters such as Mickey Mouse to Betty Boop and numerous others popular then. I'm proficient at and creating actual product, am proficient with graphics programs such as adobe photoshop, and working with other s ideas.]
44145704, [I got my masters of education in english   french may      claflin university city   state   united states of america english with a minor in french from lesley university city. As a Middle & High School English as a Second Language (ESL) Teacher., I worked from 08/2000 to now.And my major duty is Taught middle school English and Writing as a second language to non-English speaking students.. Developed and designed lesson plans and curricula related to each subject area.. Provided excellent customer service for students and parents, while also maintaining ongoing communication between colleagues, parents, and students.. Maintained student records in an exceptionally organized manner. I'm proficient at sharepoint, creative and innovating, and and excellent collaboration skills.]
18795567, [I got my master of industrial design in industrial design from pratt institute. As a Front-End Research Consultant, I worked from Jan 2004 to Jan 2007. And my major duty is Successfully identified latent user needs for product development through ethnographic observation, focus group, and interviews.. Creatively generating scenario and business model for new products/services.. Extensive projects included research for NeoVideo Portable Digital HDTV, Digital Home Network scenario planning, IPTV usability research, a Digital Picture Frames usability study and digital display trend survey.. Possesses an additional 5+ years professional experience as an Industrial Designer. I'm proficient at websites, d design, and web design.]
42384185, [I got my master of arts in computer graphics computer graphics from wsss. As a Creative Director, And my major duty is Interacted with Modelers to developcreative concepts and executions of assigned products Possessed solid understanding of the science and market dynamics of assigned products Worked closely with account executives to schedule and monitor all projects Provided accurate time and cost estimates for each tactic Adapted to and develop new techniques Supervision on obtaining the correct colors systems Supervision on packaging designers and engineers Advised client on all technical visual recommendations and/or issues Helped facilitate both the input and creative meetings Assisted in making presentations to client Responsibilities: Staff Development Provided detailed direction to designers Assisted in the education and development of designers Set a high standard for all graphic designers. I'm proficient at web development and graphic design, direction, and sc.]
26942552, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting and finance from moscow finance university. As a Custom Made Furniture Salesperson, Designer, I worked from 03/2001 to 12/2004. And my major duty is High end interior design firm specializing in French Provence custom homes in Los Angeles area and Orange County. I'm proficient at sales, prospect qualification, and retention strategies.]
67645662, [I got my high school in high school from continental academy. As a Merchant Account Representative, I worked from 02/2008 to 06/2010. And my major duty is Approached prospective clients through cold calling and emails to meet sales targets.. Used targeted questioning strategies to discover insight on prospect needs and requirements.. Contacted customers as soon as issues arose to immediately find resolution before problem escalated.. Presented new and additional products and services to new and existing customers.. Collaborated with team to define business requirements for organizational processes, achieve productivity standards and adhere to accuracy standards.. Keyed customer details, including contact information and payment data into system, carefully observing all corporate procedures related to confidentiality.. Negotiated contracts and handled paperwork such as invoices and orders.. Operated with high integrity, built trust, and earned sustained credibility with internal and external clientele.. Ensured customer service was to merchant account holder's satisfaction.. Worked to build my client portfolio to maximize monthly residuals and bonuses. I'm proficient at engineer, processes, and notes.]
34511655, [I got my bachelor of fine art in bachelor of fine art from university of wisconsin. As a Digital Prepress Operator, And my major duty is Managed time and workflows to preflight and process digital files for direct-to-plate, direct-to-screen     and digital presses to maintain productivity and quality.. Worked cross-functionally with production artists, designers, job planners and outside vendors to     troubleshoot and prepare artwork for production and ensure high quality store signage.. Performed color calibration and adjustment for large-format digital press; ensuring accurate     reproduction of Best Buy brand colors, both Pantone and process.. Provided prepress/production support to in-house press operators, designers, and external vendors.. Software Expertise      Adobe Creative Suite (CC), Microsoft Office Suite, QuarkXpress, OmniGraffle Professional, Extensis      Suitcase, SharePoint, LinoType Font Explorer. I'm proficient at sharepoint, e mail, and direction.]
37695494, [I got my bachelor of fine arts and audio   visual editing in bachelor of fine arts and audio   visual editing from brookhaven college city. As a Founder, Jewelry Designer, Retoucher, And my major duty is Created original 18K fine jewelry that was carried by Stanley Korshak from 2008 to 2010.. Ms.Leah Adler and  Ms.Sue Spielberg both ordered 18K semi-precious original  design earrings when they saw our ad on New Yorker Magazine. I'm proficient at drawing, photo, and attention to detail.]
93301686, [I got my bachelor of science in professional aeronautics from embry riddle aeronautical university. As a Maintenance Supervisor, I worked from 05/2000 to now.And my major duty is Created spreadsheets for tracking of weapon assignments, utilization, location, and parts usage.. Conducted research, development, and testing of new and modified aviation armament equipment, reducing mechanical malfunctions by 75%.. Developed night vision device driver training and certification course for 85 person company, qualified 65 people in 7 days.. Trained 24 persons on maintenance, safety, and security procedures for non-standard machine gun, air to ground and air to air missile systems. I'm proficient at upgrading, instructor, and listening.]
36856210, [I got my associate of science   electronic engineering in electronic engineering from florence darlington technical school. As a Senior Systems Analyst, I worked from 02/1999 to 02/2006. And my major duty is I was hired to improve corporate and client communications and processing requirements which resulted in the design, build and deployment of 3 Enterprise network solutions.  One solution resulted in expanding capabilities to supporting Washington Navy Yard, Norfolk Virginia and Hawaii support facilities.        Fulfilled requirements for detecting crucial network software/hardware weaknesses and developing preventive strategies and solutions for avoiding interruptions and increasing system security thru documenting system layouts, wiring diagrams and addressing schema to understand layouts and make informed solutions to upper management. I'm proficient at ms visio, hardware and software upgrade planning, and team work.]
21780877, [I got my bs degree   electrical engineering in electrical engineering from university of tn   city. As a F-16 Ejection System Technician, And my major duty is Ronald Buckman, COMM.. 803) 895-1190  Troubleshot, removed, tested, inspected, repaired, modified, and installed explosive and non-explosive components and assemblies on ejection systems.. Performed preventative maintenance on over ninety different electronically fired explosive devices ensuring proper wiring and termination.. Foreign object damage monitor, briefed wing commander monthly on findings.. Ran entire supply system ensuring all parts and supplies were readily available.. Hazardous materials monitor.. Explosive inspector.. Ensured proper grounding points were present in shop to prevent electrostatic discharge to explosive components.. Section workgroup manager in charge of maintaining computers and ensured needed software was installed.. Shop computer security monitor.. Trained and supervised personnel.. Quality Assurance Assessor. I'm proficient at electrician, networks, and feasibility studies.]
33241454, [I got my associate of science   radiography in information technology   network communications   course      u   s   army city   state certificate   it network and cisco routing   it field services branch      city   state associate of science   radiography from northwest florida state college city. As a Command Post Controller, I worked from 10/2001 to now.And my major duty is Provided command, control, communications, and information support throughout operations during peacetime, emergency, and disaster situations.. Received and relayed instructions and records, submitting manual and automated data products.. Disseminated time-sensitive critical information to senior leaders and support agencies. I'm proficient at san, ip, and database.]
25990239, [I got my  in information technology management information technology management from concordia university. As a Technical Support Specialist ............................................................................................................................, I worked from Jan 2002 to Jan 2009. And my major duty is Provided advanced level technical support for department staff in computer repair and service.. Inventory control for department of health hardware.. Created Technology standards for division of Health systems improvement.. Served on advisory committee for mobile device policy creation.. Updated department travel system from paper to online. I'm proficient at technical support, html coding, and php.]
16899268, [I got my b   s   marketing in marketing from iowa state university. As a Web Communications Manager, I worked from 01/1999 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Developed and managed websites and web software related projects while staying within the $2 million budget of the Web Communications department.  Directed various development teams of project managers and programmers focusing on internal and external users.  Created project plans and worked with marketing and executive leadership to gain approval for projects.  Regularly worked by phone or email to complete projects.. Led project teams to roll out first company wide intranet, while delivering 1 month faster than original timeline.. Developed new corporate website from scratch, and then led teams to roll out new website.. Developed, trained, and implemented Corporate Web Design Standards across the company. I'm proficient at team building, effective multi tasker, and program management.]
91635250, [I got my no degree in no degree   university of advancing technology from university of advancing technology. As a Correctional Officer, I worked from Mar 2014 to Dec 2014. And my major duty is Detected potential threats and quickly defused conflicts.. Conducted internal security checks to ascertain inmate safety.. Maintained clear and open communications with all facility areas to support efficient and safe operations.. Supervised inmates during day-to-day activities.. Maintained correct physical head count at all times.. Informed inmates and visitors of rules, safety and security procedures and responsibilities.. Observed and directed inmates during recreation, visits, telephone and shower time.. Employed de-escalation techniques, verbal commands and physical and mechanical restraints to address unruly inmates.. Transported inmates to and from personal appointments, including medical and dental appointments, funerals, work details and court hearings.. Maintained records and logs of man hours, materials and equipment used.. Monitored daily activities to identify and manage suspicious behavior, improper conduct and signs of conflict.. Promoted rehabilitation of offenders and maintained safety of staff and residents.. Received property from incoming inmates, provided receipts and inspected items for contraband.. Supervised activities of adolescents in residential setting.. Monitored inmate behavior to prevent crime, escape attempts and other dangerous activities.. Instructed inmates on work detail and oversaw work-site transportation.. Maintained appropriate control, security and well-being over those detained.. Maintained communications with staff and inmate body to maintain safe, effective prison environment.. Applied non-violent response tools and physical restraint during problematic situations.. Inspected cells and conducted random searches of common areas.. Assisted in restraining violent and unruly inmates.. Maintained daily logs of shift activity.. Transported inmates to and from work sites with optimal security procedures. I'm proficient at technical support, speaking, and cisco routers.]
19796840, [I got my b   b   a   management information systems in management information systems from university of houston. As a Technology Service Consultant,  I'm proficient at citrix, enterprise, and streamline.]
15651486, [I got my b   s   computer networking systems in computer networking systems from itt technical institute. As a Help Desk Support/IT Technician/Network Admin, And my major duty is Provided first level help desk IT support in a 300 user environment spanning over 15 remote sites.. Troubleshoot hardware, software and connectivity issues for a mixed Windows 2003/2008 Server, mixed Linux , XP desktop environment, Cisco routers, and Cisco Switches.. Installed, repaired, maintained and upgraded desktop/notebook computers; pre-configured cisco routers, cisco switches, network printers and troubleshoot printer failures.. Web filter administrator/Barracuda. I'm proficient at ibm, prime, and networks.]
52246737, [I got my associates of arts and sciences   aas     business administration software technology business administration software technology associates of arts   aa     information technology in business administration software technology business administration software technology associates of arts   aa     information technology from heald college information technology. As a Information Technology Consultant, I worked from 12/2011 to 02/2013. And my major duty is varying degrees of service contracts, in significantly diverse environments.. Utilization of N-Central monitoring and patch management platform to audit and report on customer compliance and     software usage statistics to prepare and present recommendations to increase security and productivity of the business     Architected, implemented, and documented various Exchange and Active Directory deployments within each customer's     individual ecosystem, and tracked utilization statistics to increase revenue for the operations center.And my major duty is Responsible for Enterprise Information Security and Architecture, Risk Management and Compliance, understanding business Information Security & Compliance Manager          SolarCity, SAN MATEO, CA          November 2013 - PRESENT issues and concerns, determining business and security requirements, designing architecture and applying Security Technologies to mitigate risk and ensure compliance with SolarCity policies and standards.. Implementation and administration of forensic imaging enterprise solution.. Utilized to conduct covert and overt collection and analysis of at-risk employees    Creation and maintenance of IT SOX     identified by our Legal team.. Governance and Compliance program     Outstanding mentoring skills, adept at coaching junior and senior personnel,     increasing growth and confidence among team members.. deployment of Vulnerability Assessment           Concept-to-completion driver for the           platform     Interdepartmental mediator focused on converting identified risks, divergent -     programming and non-compliant applications and software into enterprise-     level solutions complete with policy guidance and remediation measures           Vendor assessment, negotiation and then           implementation of an upgraded security     Managed Information Security projects, including planning and development of           platform including firewall, proxy,     new processes and technologies in areas of intrusion detection and response,           category-based filter and VPN     management of vulnerability assessment practices, and vpn authentication.. Reduced the total cost of ownership for our           Anti-Virus system by streamlining the     Identified technical/mobility improvements to physical security designs,          Author and maintain all Information           deployment and administration processes     providing a risk-based methodology, increased incident management landscape          Technology, and Information Security     and reduced operational expenditure          policies for the enterprise Administered and coordinated the conversion of existing whole disk encryption platform (Symantec PGP) to new platform. I'm proficient at ca, negotiation, and enterprise.]
12045067, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from university of phoenix. As a Systems Integration Analyst, I worked from July 2009 to December 2009. And my major duty is Supervisor:  Randy Devine - (520) 459-3174.. Systems Integration Analyst responsible for contract Information Technology (IT) engineering services in support of the US Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC).. Developed the Facility Design Criteria (FDC), System Design Plans (SDPs), Engineering Installation Packages (EIPs), List of Materials (LOMs) and other acquisition documentation for complex IT projects according to user requirements.. Worked with Government and sub-contractor personnel and provided guidance and oversight on project document development and validation for the U.S.. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) and U.S.. Army Reserve Command (USARC) BRAC relocation.. Provided engineering, procurement, installation, cutover and testing requirements for the High Frequency (HF) and Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Radio Systems and antennas in support of a Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence / Information Technology (C4I/IT) systems project.. Reviewed project documentation and ensured contract deliverables were complete and delivered accurately and on time as specified in the Acquisition Requirements Package (ARP).I worked from April 2001 to September 2009. And my major duty is Functional Area Expert (Command and Control)Sierra Vista, Arizona Supervisor: Robert Kessler - (520) 417-0959.. Communications Engineer supporting the U.S.. Army Information Systems Engineering Command (USAISEC) by providing IT engineering services in the form of quick reaction engineering to Engineer, Furnish, Install, and Test (EFIT) total communications functionality at multiple Command and Control (C2) facilities.. Provided QA / QC checks and Acceptance Testing on various projects involving C2 facility upgrades as well as Command Headquarters relocations.. Provided IT engineering support for the US Southern Command (SOUTHCOM) headquarters relocation project, to include developing the FDC as part of the design-build contracting process for the USACE.. Developed the SDP, LOM, cost estimates and test plans for the radio and satellite systems, copper and fiber cable plant, lightning protection systems, grounding, bonding and shielding systems and related infrastructure for the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) relocation project.. Provided on-site engineering support for the voice, data, and visual information systems being installed for the United States Army South (USARSO) Headquarters and the Installation Management Agency (IMA) at Fort Sam Houston, Texas.. Provided detailed engineering for the design and installation of Briefing and Display Facilities (BDF), Conference Rooms, Command Center Areas, Telecommunications Rooms (TRs), and Open Office Areas.. Conducted QA / QC checks and testing for a Defense Red Switch Network (DRSN), Global Command and Control System (GCCS), Unclassified Local Area Network (NIPRNET), Secret Local Area Network (SIPRNET), Sensitive Compartmented Local Area Network (SCI LAN), Administrative Telephone System, and Visual Information Systems.. Assisted USAISEC Force Projection Engineering Directorate, and 1st Signal Brigade personnel in the design and installation of a C2 facility upgrade at the 19th Theatre Support Command in South Korea.. Performed site surveys, gathered user requirements from several staff directorates and operational elements within the command and developed an SDP, EIP and LOMs to upgrade the Global Command and Control System (GCCS) communications systems as well as the administrative and tactical voice systems.. Provided engineering support for the development of the C2 facility for the U.S.. Army Central Command (USCENTCOM) Headquarters and foreign coalition forces in Doha, Qatar in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.. These efforts included various secure voice, data, and visual information systems critical to the Command Center operations.. Supervised and assisted with the routing, termination and acceptance testing of all fiber optic and Cat5 cabling, voice and data systems and related telecommunications equipment and infrastructure. I'm proficient at engineer, project leader, and networks.]
13836471, [I got my bs   computer system engineer in computer system engineer from fundacion universidad autonoma de colombia. As a Information Systems Administrator, I worked from January 2001 to July 2001. And my major duty is Technical support for 10 network users and 100 branch offices.. Implemented Terminal Service to be able to connect to five new branches in Colombia.. Daily backup for Sybase SQL Anywhere 7.0 Database, Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Database, QuickBooks Pro Database and in house program.. Network Administration, implementation of FTP service for 100 branches connections, creation of uses and security access.. Windows 2000 Server Administration, Active Directory Service administration and maintenance.. Microsoft SQL Server 2000 administration.. Technical Support for branch offices.. Installation and updates of Software and Hardware. I'm proficient at technical support, streaming video, and processes.]
14789139, [I got my mba in biology from mba pepperdine university. As a Senior Project Manager, I worked from 03/1992 to 03/1997. And my major duty is Major Projects Rearchitect of Altris' product suite Implemented Customer Support Desk, introduction and implementation of Project Management  processes.. Arco Alaska - Managed the implementation of a custom engineering drawing change solution, which reduced engineering change cycle time.. Bell Helicopter - Managed a project to implement capture of high volumes of purchase orders and supporting documents for later access and distribution across Bell's vast campus and off site offices.. MCA/Universal - Managed the implementation of a solution to load and track contracts for MCA's clients and vendors (actors, etc).. System required a custom implementation of a full text search engine integrated with the Altris document management technology.. Caterpillar - Managed the implementation of a distributed database imaging solution that provided drawings to the shop floor at several major utilities.. Created and developed multiple system delivery organizations: A quality assurance group; Test and development labs; Engineering product release group; Product packaging group; Installation teams; Training centers; Customer support.. Led several process re-engineering efforts that combined with the individual group's focus to substantially improve overall customer satisfaction.. Implemented several new project management concepts in the IT industry.. Developed and taught project management classes and have acted as mentor to over 100 project managers in the last 15 years.. Ventura County Sheriff's Department.. Graduated in 2009 with the honors of Class President, Top Academic Award and Top Cadet award for Leadership. I'm proficient at enterprise, mentoring, and customer satisfaction.]
36434348, [I got my master of science   management information systems in management information systems   may      university of illinois   city   state management information systems bachelor of science   information and decision sciences from university of illinois   city. As a Programmer Analyst, I worked from June 1995 to September 2000. And my major duty is Performed tasks in allstages of the system development life cycle of a disability claims system including user specifications, functional designs, and technical designs.. Created Oracle database objects (views, queries, PL/SQL, and SQL) to satisfy the reporting needs of end-users.. Developed testing strategy and lead testing team responsible for all testing stages of large disability claims system. I'm proficient at business objects, leadership, and forms.]
27536013, [I got my ba   management in management from western governor   s university. As a Information Systems Software Administrator, I worked from 11/1997 to now.And my major duty is Managed and maintained all software packages for the entire organization including ERP, CRM, SQL databases, and reporting software.. Lead efforts to analyze company needs and determine where software in use could best be configured to align with company needs.. Worked with all levels of the company to maintain and administer both software and reporting needs.. Managed Help Desk personnel.. Accomplishments.. Implementation of new ERP system throughout organization including database, software and reporting.. Managed project within scope, budget and timeline.. Implementation of CRM system.. Managed on time and within budget. I'm proficient at business objects, leadership, and sharepoint.]
18301617, [I got my bachelor of science in information system from american river college computer technology. As a Quality Assurance Supervisor, I worked from April 1995 to March 1998. And my major duty is Supervised a team of 15 Computer quality inspectors and 8 software evaluators.Hired, Interviewed and promoted candidates for new positions.Coordinated quality assurance of new product development and proto-types.Monitored software and hardware compatibility and reliability.Managed Documentation Control for all hardware and software.Monitor schedules, training, expenditure and documentation.Interview vendors for devices, parts and components evaluation.Counseled employees to improve morale, productivity and teamwork.Interpreted instructions for the ISO 9000 compliance.Implemented procedures for safety, performance and policies.Maintain effective communication channels for quality improvement.Assessed product viability and planned improvement and modifications. I'm proficient at enterprise, das, and mac os.]
24913648, [I got my bachelor of science in computer information systems from jacksonville university. As a Helpdesk Technician, I worked from 05/2004 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Responsibilities included working with end users to resolve issues relating to Operating System issues (Win9x, NT, and Win 2000), Network Connectivity, TCP/IP configuration, upgrades, MS Office products and Internet connectivity.. Responded to customer issues, provided technical support, and monitored Network Control Center system supporting 25,000 customers.. Created/maintained user accounts, email boxes, distribution lists, and access permissions.. Installed programs, performed upgrades, and applied security patches as necessary.. Isolated faults and degradations to determine cause.. Maintained security and integrity of secure domains from unauthorized access. I'm proficient at enterprise, ms office products, and vpn configurations.]
26801767, [I got my ph   d   coastal oceanography in  from university of evansville   city   state mathematics xavier university. As a Associate Vice-President for Information Technology and Telecommunication, I worked from April 1980 to October 2004. And my major duty is Oversight responsibility for staff of 22 people, including 19 professionals.. Created and managed the Office of Information Technology.. Developed and implemented the Strategic Plan for the Office of Information Technology.. Awarded and directed $1.2 million grant to install the telecommunications fiber optic infrastructure for university.. Integrated the Management Information System department and the Telecommunication department into one cohesive department.. Provided data and communication services to entire university community; implemented university-wide operation of telephone, PBX, voice and data wireless communications.. Developed administrative system for all users to become proficient in these areas.. Ensured data integrity and responsibility, standardizing ways and means of data collection, thereby maintaining the integrity of inputs and outcomes.. Created a filtering process to recognize viruses before they infect systems and thus established a reliable network free of viruses and spam.. Implemented effective customer service, customized to suit individual needs, ensuring that all users were standardized for smooth communication with one another.. Created inclusive, customer-friendly, telecommunications climate, ensuring that students were respected equally with faculty.. Implemented comprehensive university system, increasing the number of telecommunication units from 324 to more than 2,000.. Increased number of computer labs from two to nine, ensuring dramatic increase in resources to students without increasing staff. I'm proficient at direction, unix and c, and oil.]
27372171, [I got my master of science in information management technology from grantham university. As a Data Entry Specialist, I worked from March 2004 to April 2006. And my major duty is Served as a medical reviewer and data entry processor of DOT physical examines of various clients into medical system program Occulink, Microsoft excel for tracking of missing information.. Performed administrative duties, customer service, maintained files, and medical records.. Correspond and coordinated with medical professionals, performed client audit, analyst.. physical exams to ensure accuracy of medical history, educated clients on quality assurance, proper data processing, expedition of timely feedback, exams and increase productivity.. Process data entry and transmits data to appropriate site.. Edits and performs quality assurance and quality control checks during the input of data from source documents.. Assists in quality control edits by retrieving reports for the data collectors and Team Chief.. Organizes all completed source documents and mail with appropriate attachments to filing site.. Makes weekly transaction tapes along with weekly form counts and prepares tapes and forms to be mailed to appropriate site.. Plan and schedule installation of new or modified hardware, operating systems, and applications software.. Maintain systems configuration and manage installation and integration of systems fixes, updates, and enhancements.. Oversee/perform equipment installation or relocation, testing and acceptance processes.. Analyze and evaluate work concerned with integrated systems of computer programs and/or computer equipment.. Develop and document systems administration standard operating procedures. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, desktop support, and forms.]
91697974, [I got my bachelor of science computer information systems in computer information systems from strayer university. As a Legal Administrative Supervisor, I worked from 10/2006 to 07/2012. And my major duty is Coordinated the support function in the Law School Division, Chicago Office.. Supervised temporary staff, performed administrative personnel related activities, monitored workflow, supervised and oriented new employees, and ensured efficiency of work processes.. Supported the Vice President of Sales, Director of Sales and several Attorneys within the law school organization and assisted with projects as needed.. Established work priorities, supervised, motivated and evaluated the work of assigned staff.. Prepared reports regarding workflow management and other business operations within the office.. Performed timekeeping, other administrative functions and coordinated the completion of timely performance appraisals.. Conducted research, organized data, generated reports, prepared correspondence, documents and presentations for attorneys and senior management.. Responsible for coordination of all client meetings: developed a tracking system to ensure timely and appropriate scheduling, created meeting materials including spreadsheets, handouts and executive summaries and ensured successful follow-up on action items resulting from meetings. I'm proficient at leadership, executive and legal support, and performance appraisals.]
28672970, [I got my bachelor of science   industrial psychology in industrial psychology from university of santo tomas. As a Senior Systems Analyst/Project Manager, I worked from 07/1998 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Responsible for planning and implementation of IT projects while managing and coordinating IT resources.. Managed relationships with vendors and suppliers to ensure routine maintenance and that any possible problems are detected before they occur.. Evaluated hardware and software acquisition to ensure compatibility and alignment with the Firm's objectives.. Ensured all systems are properly updated and evaluated for routine maintenance.. Assessed network and e-mail security to ensure network integrity.. Responsible for the standardization and migration of Windows 98 Operating System to a Windows XP environment, Wordperfect to MS Office suite and consolidation of networked workstations and printers. I'm proficient at engineer, organizational development, and finance.]
66832845, [I got my computer science in computer science from computer science. As a LAN Administrator, And my major duty is Install and manage Hyper V and other servers Manage 3 SANS - Dell Equallogic, Nimble & Storsimple Troubleshooting server and client issues Administer Exchange 2010, Proofpoint Spam filter, iBoss web filter, System Center Operations manager and Operation manager.. EMC Networker backup Installed and maintain Active Directory, group policy, user account management Analyzing technical issues to improve functio9nality Software/Operating Systems: Windows Server 2016, 2012, 2003, 2000, Windows xp, 7, 10, Linux HP Unix, Microsoft Office 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016, Skype for Business, Track It work orders, Escape Financial System, Aeries student information system, Alertus Desktop alerting, , Laserfiche, Sharepoint 2013, Lync 2013 iBOSS web filter, Proofpoint Spam filter, Exchange 2010 DAG and Client Access Array, Informacast Speaker System,Microsoft System Center and Operations Manager, EMC Networker backup software, ArcGIS desktop and server, Maas360 mobile phone management, Azure Hardware: Install components such as network interface cards, ram, video cards, hard drives, Raid controllers, network cabling, motherboards, power supplies also troubleshooting components. I'm proficient at sharepoint, desktop support, and visual basic programming.]
25207620, [I got my business administration business administration in business administration from hofstra college. As a Senior Desktop Support Analyst, And my major duty is responsible for software & hardware assets for company.. Dedicated technician to 500+ end users.. Senior Technician for SAP Project 2006-2010. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and ip mac os beginner.]
41344156, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from magna cum ladue. As a Electronics Technician, I worked from 07/1997 to now.And my major duty is Deployed and maintained CAT5 and fiber optic cable. Directed and trained subordinate Technicians.  Configured 5 stations with CAT5 and fiber optic cable.  Conducted quarterly and annual formal performance reviews for all subordinates.  Installed Windows NT system on more than 400 computers. Earned good conduct and sharpshooter awards. I'm proficient at leadership, training, and desktop support.]
68460556, [I got my information and technology management american sign language bloomsburg university of pennsylvania   city   state information and technology management american sign language in information and technology management from bloomsburg university of pennsylvania. As a Media Student Assistant, And my major duty is Set up and maintained the Computer Aided Real-Time translation (CART) system in classrooms and various locations around campus, when needed.. Assisted staff, faculty and students on a daily basis with equipment repairs, customer service and technology problems.. Verified that each classroom had the appropriate equipment and technology needed for success daily. I'm proficient at supervisor, databases, and problem solving skills.]
10247517, [I got my master of science   leadership walden university   city   state      master of science   information systems management project management walden university   city   state      bachelor of science   information systems management mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from mechanical engineering. As a Drafter,  I'm proficient at enterprise, networks, and imaging.]
25959103, [I got my master of arts in national security studies from air force air command and staff college. As a United States Senate Software Specialist, And my major duty is August 15th 2000 -2004).. Provides client site level 2 support of capitol Correspond database management software running on MS SQL database.. Responsible for installation, configuration and support of Capitol Correspond SQL database.. Provided client training for the use of Capitol Correspond Database.. Trouble shooting with MS SQL, and troubleshooting printer issues.. Provided client training for the use of Capitol Correspond Database.. Worked on connecting and configuring PCs, and NT servers to the network.. Provide desktop support in a cross-platform environment Support the ongoing development and maintenance of local area network Support effective security systems.. Back-up systems and updates.. Perform special projects as needed.. Identify, research, and recommend solutions on technical issues as needed. I'm proficient at leadership, desktop support, and networks.]
13385306, [I got my master of business administration in economics from suffolk university   sawyer school of management. As a Director of Applications Development, I worked from 02/1996 to now.And my major duty is Provided application development and support services to the Department of Youth Services.. I lead the Year 2000.. project to convert our Natural/Adabas mainframe system to a ASP web based application YSIS.. I also helped out as a.. banyan administrator to our Network Administrator. I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and asp net.]
38753827, [I got my m   b   a in real estate from university of massachusetts. As a Inside Sales Representative, I worked from June 1994 to March 1996.  I'm proficient at sharepoint, languard network security scanner, and glba.]
17681064, [I got my m   b   a in management and economics from adelphi university   city. As a Client Services Manager, I worked from January 1998 to January 1999. And my major duty is Provided professional consulting services to multiple Fortune 500 Companies in Investments, Banking, Finance and Insurance areas.. My customers include Merrill Lynch, Guardian and JP Morgan Chase.. Implemented customized CRM applications to streamline money transfer reconciliations between World Bank Members.. Responsible for System Implementations, Project Management, Project Costing and all Customer Executive Level communications.. Assisted the Sales team in closing 3 major new accounts (Sales Support role). I'm proficient at business systems, finance, and leadership.]
25905275, [I got my technical management in technical management from college of business management. As a Team Leader, And my major duty is Infantryman								40+ hrs per week Schofield Barracks, HI								$28,000 per year Supervisor: Tony Cata The infantry is the main land combat force and backbone of the Army.. They are responsible for defending our country against any threat by land, as well as capturing, destroying and repelling enemy ground forces.. Perform as a member of a fire team during drills and combat Aid in the mobilization of vehicles, troops and weaponry Assist in reconnaissance missions Process prisoners of war and captured documents Use, maintain and store combat weapons (e.g., rifles, machine guns, antitank mines, etc.) Maintained the records and maintenance for military weapons. I'm proficient at leadership, ibm, and supervising.]
11580408, [I got my bachelor of arts business management in business management bachelor of arts business management from curry college city. As a Information Systems Manager, And my major duty is Designed in house proprietary costumer relation database.. Designed and implemented Microsoft 2003 SBS.. Led design of corporate web site and internet marketing campaigns.. Responsible for corporate network security and customer WI-FI network. I'm proficient at cash flow, cisco routers, and windows nt.]
19201175, [I got my ged fremont adult   continuing education   city   state information technology in information technology from unitek college. As a Chef, I worked from 06/2016 to 02/2017.  I'm proficient at task estimation, permissions management, and software licenses and patches.]
12635195, [I got my master of science   computer information systems in computer information systems from murray state university city. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at google and microsoft suite experience through coursework and classroom implementation, familiar with both the educational and information technology fields, and experience in both project management and educating teachers on the use of technology in the classroom.]
32959732, [I got my bachelor of science   information and business systems technology in leadership from university of essex. As a Director, Client Services, And my major duty is BatchMaster Software Inc develops an Enterprise Resource Planning system for the process manufacturing industries integrated into Sage Platinum, SAP Business One and Microsoft Great Plains. Prior to joining eWorkPlace, their solution was deployed through a network of resellers who did the implementation and primary support. I created new revenue streams for both parties by creating the Client Services group where the resellers focused on client relationships and sales. They could resell our services.. ​. Increased revenue by 60% through the creation of the client services department. The department performed implementations and support.. Created the Rapid implementation process where we reduced the implementation from months to 4 weeks.. Strengthened company's business by initiating and leading the development of the relationship with SAP.. Spearheaded the implementation of an off-shore support team to support customers post implementation. Customers found the team helpful with upgrades and update and well as phone support software maintenance renewal increased by 80%.. Created and spearheaded. the customer satisfaction survey. , resulting in a. 45. % increase in customer satisfaction which resulted in customers renewing their yearly software maintenance which increased revenue. I'm proficient at citrix, juniper switches, and vmware.]
17688766, [I got my bs accounting in accounting from baruch college city. As a Customer Service Representative, And my major duty is Recruited by Software Company to relocate to Wellesley, MA.. Provided technical support for customers. I'm proficient at leadership, citrix, and ma.]
20024870, [I got my master of business administration in business administration and management mba master of business administration   mba   international trade organizational behavior finance and accounting from national taipei university of nursing and health science. As a Campus Youth E- Service Volunteer, And my major duty is Planned summer and winter camps for kids who lack educational resources.. Team lead and Recorder I'm proficient at qms statistics, d max, and hr business marketing.]
22450718, [I got my bachelors of science in computer engineering technology from prairie view a   m university. As a Systems Engineer Associate, I worked from Feb 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Coordinated all NEAS weekly brown-bag seminar for the VA-95 Technical Resource Center.. Formatted and delivered training specific to the intended party and purpose for company standards.. Updated, composed and created content in electronic format assuring accuracy and proper display for the VA-95 TRC Technical Library.. Served as Windows Subject Matter Expert (SME) to research, create procedures and recommended COTS product to enable Closed Caption video content for support of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).. Reviewed, and routed resumes to appropriate Managers as an Account Representative on the Resource Planning Team (RPT).. Maintain a spreadsheet of employees with key contact information, skills, and resumes.. Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.. Researched and recommended new sources for candidate recruiting.. Reviewed human resource paperwork for accuracy and completeness by verifying, collecting and correcting additional data. I'm proficient at engineer, technical support, and networks.]
46260230, [I got my associate of science science technology in science science technology from university of colorado at boulder. As a Quality Control Manager, I worked from 07/2013 to 08/2015. And my major duty is Stayed well-informed of all company and federal regulations, which bolstered compliance of all corporate processes.. Used creative and professional policy to find solutions to issues while diminishing conflicts.. Handled all scheduling procedures for the department and directed team members in setting and achieving goals.. Observed customer specifications by monitoring the quality control of finished products. I'm proficient at computer configurations, server improvements, and server and system administration.]
10839851, [As a Information Technology Interpreter, I worked from 08/2010 to 03/2016. And my major duty is Assisted United States military in training foreign nationals on information technology such as basic troubleshooting and basic system set up Diagnosed computer errors and provided technical support Backed up and restored organizational data files and systems Installed, configured and upgraded PC software and operating systems Created and updated IT support tickets per Standard Operating Procedures Provided customer support for email, hosted applications, desktop, system and network problems within defined Service Level Agreements. I'm proficient at experience with information technology service managment itsm, cd rom drives, and video sound cards.]
18752129, [I got my b   e   computer science and engineering in computer science and engineering from folsom lake college. As a Project Engineer, And my major duty is I am attaching hereby the Conduct Certificate and Experience Certificate from previous organization.. I have been volunteering with my nine year old and five year old children classrooms for book fair, PTO member, organizing team events like fundraising, traditional events, patriotic events, field trip chaperones in both public and private schools.. I am working on doing First Aid and CPR certification.. I am doing Early Childhood Education course to pursue the career in education field towards associate teacher degree especially with children of ages 3 to 5 and special needs.. Artifacts: As part of Early Childhood Education journey, program observation, children observation of infants/toddlers, school age children helped us to know the curriculum, children needs, interests and expectations as a future teacher.. I am attaching hereby the program observation, anecdotal/running record report assignments as part of the ECE courses.. Curriculum Plan TITLE: Modes of Transportation, Art and Play activities, teach the class on sounds, different vehicles, and shapes.. CHILDREN: Age group of 3-5 years, Group activity,  ACTIVITY:      Group: Red Light, Green Light, Yellow Light; Making Airplane using Popsicle sticks; Imitate Sounds to pictures during meeting time.. Talk on parts of vehicles (gears, wheels, handles, mirrors), Safety (hand signal, helmet, lanes, seat belt, life vests) Outdoor: Bike race, float/sink boat science activity, puff puff - toot toot - lining up and imitating the sound and moving in a line like a train set.. Individual: Connect Dots/Coloring: Bikes, cars/trucks, boats/ships, air plane, Bus/Train.. Table Activity: Popsicle sticks craft work, make paper boats, paper airplane, train blocks, coloring/drawing.. RATIONALE: Activities are chosen appropriate for the age group and how they can relate when they see the vehicles around and kid's interest.. OBJECTIVES: Knowledge on wheels/ what make things move, Purpose of different vehicles and modes, learn shapes, vehicle sounds, street safety and wearing helmet.. Following the KWL concept - Know, What they want to know, what they Learn as part of the assessment.. STANDARD: Preschool learning foundation, California Preschool curriculum framework.. WHAT IS NEEDED: Materials: Popsicle Sticks, coloring sheets, origami papers, books, flash cards, board puzzles.. Time and Space: Table setup, outdoor with bikes, water table.. Teaching Plan:  Introduction: Begin with the circle time, theme based songs, talk on the topic and teach on the activity today.. Teaching on the step and step instruction on the activity to work on and setup the table with the required materials and monitoring their work and reaching out them as and when needed.. Teaching: Gathering: Songs: Wheels on the bus, I am a little piece of fun, down by the station, Little Red wagon, Little Einstein - We are going on a train Play: Flash cards, Train set, Vehicle toys and board puzzles.. Snack: Designing the snack based on the theme, car using rectangle cracker and black olives as wheels, apple as boat and pretzel as row boat.. Group Activity: Read books, Play dough, and story time.. Closure: Display their work on the wall or drying rack based on the activity.. Close the activity with story time and meeting/discussion time on their views and shares on the mode of transport for the day.. Reinforce the child in the snack time with the theme based designing the snack, like airplane creation using celery, raisins, peanut butter, pretzels.. Assessment: Objectives: Knowledge on concept, acknowledging what they know and setting up the activities, Discussions on purpose of different vehicles and modes, learn shapes, vehicle sounds, street safety rules.. Evidence of learning: Oral responses to essential questions, Document through videos and photos.. Use the gathering time to converse with the children on the facts and ideas.. Documentation: Anecdotal/Running Record, Artifacts on observation and summary on their learning on concepts and fundamentals. I'm proficient at book, direction, and drawing.]
37764298, [I got my b   s   business finance in business finance from towson university. As a Information Technology Coordinator, I worked from 05/1996 to 05/2001. And my major duty is Responsible for installation and troubleshooting Windows 2000 workstations, hardware, printers, peripherals, and software.. Managed telecommunications system administration, programming, and troubleshooting.. Trained brokers and new employees on system and applications.. Processed stock certificates and checks for deposit into respective client account.. Answered main phone and directed calls to requested personnel.. Supervised Operations staff of two cashiers and one receptionist.. Maintained records for annual audits and SEC regulation compliance.. Resolved trade errors committed by brokers.. Balanced error accounts for all branches.. Earned series of fast-track promotions from New Accounts Clerk, Lead Cashier, Operations Manager, to IT Coordinator.. Entrusted with maintaining accuracy and credit/debit balance of millions of dollars in client accounts.. Became primary technical troubleshooter and "go to" person for entire Lutherville branch (93 work stations) as well as 6 remote satellite offices. I'm proficient at visual basic programming, sims, and visual basic.]
90867631, [I got my  in information systems information systems from texas a   m university. As a First Sergeant, I worked from October 2005 to August 2008. And my major duty is Salary: 55,000.00 USD Per Year Hours per week: 70 Over 5 years of Top management experience.. Led a multi-functional unit with over 120 team members and billions of dollars worth of equipment into combat during Operation Enduring Freedom (Afghanistan) and Operation Iraqi Freedom (Iraq) - Company Senior Non-Commissioned Officer served as administrative liaison with other services, top management, and outside agencies - Coordinated operational and administrative duties required for the company's mission - Supervised operations and performance of Battalion Level Information Systems/Communication Shop (S-6) - Senior advisor to Company commander and resource manager for a Headquarters Company - Directly responsible for managing and implementing Company's administrative, standards, policies and Training.. Supervisor: Paul Mercator (254-288-0527) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes. I'm proficient at telephones, systems development, and share point.]
17641670, [I got my SEP in CLS  what is your major    SEP from university of san diego. As a Lab Tech, I worked from January 1999 to July 2006. And my major duty is Responsible for gathering and assimilating data on batteries for cellular qualification in the battery research department.. Wrote tests scripts for the Arbin Instrument and Sigmar System tester to perform various functions for the battery qualification.. Work from schematics, engineering drawings, and written or verbal instructions.. Determined whether or not a part is functioning within its parameters, analyzed the data found.. Imported data into Excel spreadsheet for battery qualification report.. Prepared excel graphs, and spreadsheets for the battery team and other departments.. Managed and organized the lab for efficiency.. Streamlined the Arbin tester and temperature chambers for maximum usage.. Designed test fixtures for the various shape and sizes of the battery cell or pack and procedures for system test.. Interfaced with the software and mechanical departments on battery tests.. Researched specific equipment and accessories for purchase and installation in the lab. I'm proficient at citrix, enterprise, and netview.]
24889109, [I got my associate of arts   business administration in business administration from associate of arts   business administration. As a Operator, I worked from 12/2009 to now.And my major duty is at the Defense Messaging Center with primary duties of facilitating Defense Messaging System (DMS) in support of Headquarters, United States European Command (USEUCOM) and other Department of Defense activities.. Responsible for the operation and maintenance of CP-XP, AMHS, DII Guard and Certificate Workstations in support of DMS, SIPRNET and NIPRNET with the 52d Signal Battalion.. Perform after hours Network Operations functions to include monitoring SPECTRUM, recall of essential personnel and situational management, and opens, monitors status and closes trouble tickets.. While reporting and conducting essential missions in high visibility areas.. Responsible and accountable for over $100 million worth of equipment and repair parts.. SPECTRUM / AMHS / Customer Support / Defense Messaging System / SIPRNET / Discretionary Access Lists / Trouble Tickets. I'm proficient at technical support, networks, and tcp ip.]
24083609, [I got my associate of science   business administration in business administration from college city. As a Chief Steward, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Defended the interest of the federal employees at Fort Sam Houston, TX.. Assigned cases to stewards based on their skill sets. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and  responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Prepared employee's rebuttal to grievances.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned    documents.. Participated in arbitrations, mediations, and Alternate dispute resolutions. I'm proficient at fast learner, ability to work under pressure, and excellent problem solving abilities.]
24038620, [I got my computer information systems in business administration from harrisburg area community college. As a Information Technology Director, I worked from April 1999 to January 2015. And my major duty is For the past sixteen years I was a leader of change for the largest law firm in the Central Pennsylvania area with over 275 in office users at 6 locations and over 200 work from home users.. I was a visionary in regards to technical business operations, responsible for providing professional staff at various locations with efficient, up-to-date, secure and stable voice and data communications on a daily basis within budget.. The ability to use good judgment, proven technologies and industry standards to balance ease of use with security.. I am a fast paced leader with the patience to oversee the maintenance of existing systems while at the same time plan the implementation of new technologies in a cost efficient and timely manner.. I am both a professional team leader and player that has directly managed a staff of seven information technical professionals as well as participating in many project implementation teams and initiatives.. I am experienced in many of the technical methods, tools and applications used in business operations with the ability to connect multiple offices with highly secure and redundant Internet connections.. While at the firm I was able to receive better than competitive pricing for the circuits due to the quantity of services required as well as my vendor negotiation skills.. I have the technical knowledge and experience required for the strategic planning and funding of annual and multi-year business operations.. My efforts have resulted in a direct costs savings in business operations.. Most recently, we implemented user provided smart phones and free apps to provide efficient digital dictation and provided mobile capability to access our document management system.. I have a dedicated work ethic that is required to oversee day-to-day technical business operations updating and upgrading systems in use while at the same time implementing new systems: Upgraded the firms bread-n-butter time and billing financial system several times.. Upgraded the Word Perfect Application Suite to the Microsoft Office 2000 Suite.. Upgraded Microsoft Office 2000 Suite to the Microsoft Office 2007 Suite.. Upgraded the GroupWise Messaging to Outlook Messaging.. Upgraded the Worldox document management system to Worldox GX3.. Upgraded the Audix voice messaging to Mutare voice messaging.. Assisted the Marketing department to implement a firm wide Client Relationship Management (CRM) system.. Setup up Voice Over Internet Protocols (VOIP) systems at two regional offices.. Implemented and upgraded many of100 technical applications and systems used at the firm on an as needed basis to improve efficiency.. Implemented several mobile applications on attorney personal devices to improve efficiency (VPN connectivity, RDP clients, Dictate digital dictation, Dropbox, Microsoft Office Mobile Suite of applications, Linkedin, Business Card Scanner, Twitter, etc.) The firm experienced minimum unplanned system downtime under my watch and my team and I oversaw and provided training on the many various applications, processes and procedures used in business operations.. I am an experienced data security officer with the skills and knowledge to ensure data is adequately protected.. I was the firm's Security Officer and developed the technical security systems and procedures used in business operations.. It was an interesting responsibility due to the challenges with balancing "ease of use" while ensuring system and data "security." Every year my team and I would oversee a mandatory HIPPA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) Program Review.. Every other year my team and I would facilitate a system wide vulnerability audit that included social engineering and vulnerability testing techniques.. I am an experienced project manager with the skill set, knowledge and interpersonal tools required to ensure the timely and efficient implementation of systems and applications.. I enjoy the aspects of project management as it involves "cradle to grave" involvement.. Interacting with the users to determine their technical and budget needs, interacting with vendors, communicating with my peers and self-study to find the right technology to meet the need, testing the application and processes or feasibility and efficiency, documenting the processes and procures involved, preparing user instructions and finally implementing and training users on the new system.. I appreciate the resources, processes and procedures required to ensure system efficiency and readiness.. At the firm most applications are hosted at the central office with the regional offices connecting with redundant Ethernet connections, this saves on the cost of having data centers and support staff at each firm location.. My team and I have also authored the firm's business/continuity/disaster recovery plan for IT applications and systems.. The firm decided the priority and timeliness of systems and applications to recover.. I and my team have configured many IT systems to fail over to the backup systems automatically which is barely noticeable to users.. I served as either the project manager or as a team member in all of the examples expressed in my resume. I'm proficient at upgrading, negotiation, and attorney.]
29051656, [I got my bachelor of science in civil engineering from university of buea city. As a Oracle Database Administrator, I worked from 07/2012 to now.And my major duty is Prepared technical architecture proposals for enhancements and migrated an existing standalone database to RAC database.. Provided senior technical support to Developers and troubleshot performance issues and maintained high availability and security of databases.. Analyzed and tuned the Database to identify potential database bottle necks such as response delay, locking contention, wait event using tools like STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, and TKPROF.. Collaborated and worked together with development and operations staff and resolved problems quickly and efficiently.. Maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11g, and 10g RAC servers for the purpose of disaster recovery procedures.. Installed, configured, deployed and monitored different databases and application servers using Oracle OEM 12c Grid Control.. Worked efficiently in Database administration activities such as User management, Space management, Monitoring, Creating Database, Managing Oracle Instance and Database security and Materialized views.. Maintained and administered  high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 11gR2 Grid and 10g on ASM file system.. Planned and applied PSU/CPU patches and upgraded multiple databases from 10g to 11g.. Replicated data in real time using oracle Golden Gate.. Increased data security; implemented TDE and database auditing and created threshold on database metrics and set alert for a more stronger security.. Maintained Active Data guard, creating both Logical and Physical Standby databases for data disaster recovery solutions.. Worked on 24/7 environments, supported, monitored, managed and troubleshot database related issues over 300 oracle 10g, 11g and 12c databases with sizes from 300G to 2TB.. Implemented backup strategies used RMAN for incremental/full backup and Datapump to backup logical components. ]
20237244, [I got my bachelor of science information and computer science in network security from park university. As a Network Security Analyst, I worked from 11/2003 to 11/2007. And my major duty is Identified and responded to threats against Air Force worldwide computer networks on an unclassified and classified entity (NIPR and SIPR).. Provided immediate analysis and verification of network activity using Automatic Signature Identification Measurement (ASIM) and Cisco Intrusion Detection System (CIDS).. Detected network intrusions and applied appropriate methods of counter activity.. Analyzed trends of all network activity.. Provided daily activity reports to management and headquarters. I'm proficient at configuring routers and switches, vmware, and wireshark.]
20001721, [I got my bachelor of arts in english from san diego state university. As a TOEFL/TESL INSTRUCTOR, I worked from February 2008 to May 2008. And my major duty is •Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.. •Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.. •Performed student background reviews to develop tailored lessons based on student needs.. •Developed, administered and corrected tests and quizzes in a timely manner.. •Combined discipline plan with effective measures and various lesson plans to increase concentration, participation, and progress student accountability.. •Designed lesson plans focused on age and level-appropriate material. I'm proficient at vba, visual studio, and sql server.]
92069209, [I got my b   s   industrial technology   electronics in industrial technology   electronics from north carolina a   t state university. As a Electronics Technician, I worked from 09/1986 to 06/1989. And my major duty is Repaired, installed, configured and maintained PC's, servers, modems and other communication equipment.. Installed and designed network and data communication circuits.. Managed setup and installed communication equipment which included mid-range servers, communications equipment, VAX systems and PC's.. Key Achievements: Designed and installed the wiring and communications infrastructure for student registration Established redundant communication links to remote sites Developed and planned the communications infrastructure for campus computer labs. I'm proficient at leadership, ibm, and enterprise.]
13405733, [I got my master of science   information technology management in  from western governors university. As a Product Design Project Team Lead, I worked from 11/2000 to 06/2004. And my major duty is Demonstrated efficacy throughout project & product life cycles in applying flexible change management deliverables including training, communications, and stakeholder engagement to increase end-user adoption of project implementations.. Supervised four (4) concurrent projects for 16 & 17 Next Gen nuclear core clients in Brazil and South Korea by coordinating planning, designing, testing, budgeting and scheduling tasks.. Developed implementation methodologies to rein in project costs while meeting key milestones.. Provided accurate, detailed quality assessments based on project drawings and technical specifications. I'm proficient at leadership, risk assessment, and insurance.]
28697203, [I got my master of arts in international affairs in biological sciences from clemson university. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Support Design-Build Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) Upgrade Project using project management expertise.. Identify and implement technology tools to facilitate resource planning for multiple projects, identify interdivisional dependencies, encourage real-time team collaboration, and develop streamlined workflows to expedite project submittal reviews.. Introduced the concept of SAFe to lead planning event to prioritize fiscal year acquisition and procurement needs based on project criticality and available internal resources.. Developed annual planning process to support capital improvement planning activities such as project identification and prioritization.And my major duty is Led transition of risk-assessment tools from downloadable software to web-based platform, including EPA's Vulnerability Self Assessment Tool, Climate Resilience Evaluation and Awareness Tool (CREAT), and the Workshop Planner for Climate Change and Extreme Events Adaptation tool.. Developed project plans and cost estimates with well-defined milestones in collaboration with project team and subcontractors for each contract period of performance.. Tracked project level-of-effort and budget expenditures to enable the team to deliver work products while managing changes to scope, schedule, and budget.. Provided cost projections using labor rates to manage specific project tasks from project inception to completion.. Tracked resource availability and allocate staff according to client priorities for the project goals and timeline.. Managed communication of project status, including risks, within the project team and external to the project team.. Gathered and communicated performance metrics and develop performance reports.. Identified and managed project risks, defined opportunities for improvement, and worked with the project team and senior leaders to establish corrective actions.. Worked with team members to participate in the quarterly SAFe PI planning events to develop realistic work plans and release timelines for client-prioritized workstreams.And my major duty is Negotiated, planned, and managed all release activities identifying risks and corresponding solutions to maintain the release schedule.. Established deployment needs and ensured compatible architecture and configuration of final deliverable.. Facilitated production readiness reviews and release retrospective meetings with the project team.. Served as the primary point of contact with IT partners in deployment planning activities using a Scrumban (Agile and Kanban) approach.. Identified ways to optimize platform capabilities and maximize efficiencies.. Identified issues and performed root-cause analysis.. Ensured all changes met readiness criteria prior to deployment.. Worked with developers to resolve deployment issues and system outages.. Tracked release metrics to identify process improvements.. Conducted functional configuration audits and physical configuration audits to meet CMMI standards.And my major duty is Facilitated requirements meetings and grooming sessions with the development team and the client to identify desired features and functionality.. Facilitated daily scrums, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives, and sprint planning with the project team.. Captured and translated requirements to the development team via Jira, Confluence, and during daily scrums.. Tested the application across desired platforms in the development, staging, and production environments to ensure proper implementation of requirements. I'm proficient at scrum master business analyst, risk assessment, and functional.]
28035460, [I got my master of science   chemical engineering in chemical engineering from university of the district of columbia   city. As a Engineer Intern, I worked from 08/2000 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Produce a piping and instrumentation diagram of the pumphouse, cooling tower and condensate lines.. Led weekly group meetings with interns and management for future improvements.. Monitored, troubleshoot, and observed operations and processes for quality, damages and /or defects. I'm proficient at electronic health records, microsoft products, and technical support.]
21283365, [I got my masters of science degree in information technology from mihaylo college of business and economics. As a Information technology Manager, I worked from Sep 1998 to Mar 2003. And my major duty is At Relax the Back I was responsible for the overall management, infrastructure and strategic planning of our National point of sale network at 100+ retail locations and 5 distribution centers.. I managed the ERP solution at our manufacturing plant in Boston and our accounting and HR systems at the corporate office.. Nine short months after starting with the company, I was promoted to IT Manage.. I acted as liaison between vendors, operation staff and the CFO for all major projects on time and on budget.. Cisco Routers/ Firewalls.. Windows Server Management.. Desktop Support. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and network design implementation.]
17987433, [I got my master of pharmacy in bio technology from jss college of pharmacy. As a Research Associate, And my major duty is Isolation, identification, Bioprocessing and characterization of secondary metabolites from the soil screened microorganism.. Screening of soil actinomycetes from the different soil samples.. Taxonomical studies for antibiotic producing isolates.. Morphological and cultural characterization.. Total genomic DNA isolation & PCR & Cloning of polyene CYP gene       (cytochrome P-450 hydroxlase).. Bioprocessing for antibiotic production.. Biological activity such as Antimicrobial activity, cytotoxic activity, Genotoxic activity.. Research will be constant requirement for new antibiotic compounds to overcome the resistant capacity in microorganisms.. Fundamental lab procedures including pipetting, buffer preparation, SDS-PAGE, tissue culture, RNA/DNA manipulations.. Achievement.. GOLD MEDAL for securing highest marks in Master of Pharmacy, JSS College of Pharmacy.. Awarded cash price for M.. Pharm Dissertation work by "TAMILNADU PHARMACEUTICAL WELFARE TRUST", 2013 Seminars/Workshops attended.. Participated in "Indo-European Symposium on Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing" on Dec.8, 2010 at JSS College of Pharmacy, Ooty.. Participated in "national workshop on potentials of medicinal plants of Nilgiri Biosphere reserve" on December 8-10th, 2011 at JSS College of pharmacy, Ooty.. Indian Pharmaceutical Student Congress-2009 held in Bangalore.. Indian pharmaceutical congress-2011 held in Bangalore.. Experimental skills.. Basic Biotechnological experiments (in-vitro and in-vivo).. Skillful in handling cell-lines.. Mammalian Cell Culture).. Aseptic handling of Micro-organism.. Electrophoresis Gel-documentation Techniques.. DNA isolation and RNA/DNA/protein extractions.. Operational knowledge of analytical instrumentation like HPLC, GC, LC/MS, UPLC, TLC,.. FTIR, UV-VIS spectrophotometer, and KF coulometer,.. Wet chemistry techniques. I'm proficient at hplc handling and chromatography techniques, epic care, and nano particle size and charge analysis by malveren nano zs.]
10553553, [I got my master of science   business information technology in business information technology from depaul university. As a College of Education Computer Technician, I worked from 07/2006 to 06/2008. And my major duty is Performed PC and Mac hardware and software configurations.. Troubleshot general Novell Client issues.. Installed and maintained peripherals.. Built images to be used with Symantec Ghost. I'm proficient at technical support, das, and processes.]
15118506, [I got my bachelor of science in management information systems from cardinal stritch university. As a IT Consultant, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Provided IT consultation and implementation of retail cash register networks. Managed staff of more than 10 independent IT contractors in implementation of contract projects. Acted as project manager for new equipment and software roll outs for some of the largest retail chains in the US including Wal-Mart, Mar-Maxx, and Toys 'R Us I'm proficient at microsoft hyper v, itil service catalog, and vmware horizon view x.]
18176523, [I got my bachelor of science in industrial technology from east carolina university. As a Senior Technician, I worked from Jan 1993 to Jan 1995. And my major duty is End of the line hardware and software support.. Responsible for troubleshooting, identifying, and resolving end user hardware and application issues.. Trained and provided technical direction to junior technicians. I'm proficient at business systems, citrix, and engineer.]
24020470, [I got my associate of arts and sciences in business administration from suny. As a Business Machines Sales Associate, I worked from 09/2002 to now.And my major duty is Retail sales of computers, office supplies, electronics and related peripherals.. Assisted.. customers with printers, monitors, desktop & laptop computers, GPS and digital cameras.. I was able to assist in in all departments of the store, ran the Copy Center when associates called out, made cardboard bales and used pallet jacks.. I was responsible for repairing customer computers in-store and worked as store computer technician before the Easy Tech program was rolled out.. I was asked by management to assist in taking a proper inventory in a nearby store plagued with inventory discrepancies, and later was tasked by district management to assist in the final stages of building, "plan-o-gramming" and stocking the Monticello, NY Staples location.. I received numerous "S" pins which signify outstanding customer service being reported to corporate. I'm proficient at plethora of hardware repair and diagnostic skills, cms joomla, and wordpress.]
70089206, [I got my master of science   urban regional planning in physical geography from indiana university of pennsylvania. As a Mathematical Statistician, I worked from February 1988 to July 1994. And my major duty is Worked in the Research & Methodology Branch of the Industry Division.. Worked with team on the statistical methodology for designing a ratio estimation procedure.. Developed estimation and variance methodologies.. Developed the sampling frame, and independent probability proportional-to-size sampling (PPS) maintenance of surveys.. Designedcomputer algorithms for assigning the sampling weights, the nonresponse sample weight adjustment, and calculation of the estimates, variances, and relative standard sampling errors.. Developed computer software needed for survey sample selection.. Provided programming expertise, assisted subject matter analysts with software and instruments for aiding in data reviews for the many annual and monthly surveys. I'm proficient at sharepoint, enterprise, and configuration management.]
27770859, [I got my bachelor of science   exercise and sports sciences in exercise and sports sciences from colby   sawyer college. As a Electrician's Apprentice, I worked from 06/1990 to 07/1999. And my major duty is Predominately industrial electrical work, mostly in a manufacturing setting, with some residential work mixed in. I'm proficient at mailman, microsoft active directory, and novell teaming.]
57002858, [I got my associate of science   business administration in business administration from mchenry county college. As a Service Manager, I worked from 09/1988 to 11/1993. And my major duty is Install and maintain all customer systems, network installations and rollouts of all new computer systesm.. Supervised 3 additionaltechnicians. I'm proficient at upgrading, processes, and novell.]
13477922, [I got my m   a   education biology and general science in biology from northern virginia community college. As a Junior Network Administrator, I worked from September 1999 to November 2001. And my major duty is Performed the installation and removal of all programs on a network in a teaching and testing facility.. Assigned rights and permissions to users and servicing them on the network.. Troubleshoot all hardware as well as software problems on the network.. Also configured IP addresses dynamically and statically for new machines on the network using a DHCP server.. Maintaining compatibility of new hardware and software on our network which included routers, switches, and servers as well as workstations.. Reorganized LANs to insure speed and performance.. Installed and maintained all wiring on the network. I'm proficient at problem analysis and resolution, e mail, and networks.]
28126340, [I got my bachelor   s   computer information systems in computer information systems from devry university   city   state   us                     devry university. As a Intranet Application Support Analyst, I worked from Jan 2003 to Jul 2007. And my major duty is Key responsibilities were to manage the timeliness and accuracy of system parameter setups and data migration of files for private label and bank card projects. Worked with functional areas such as Marketing, Risk, Fraud, Operations, and Collections to ensure that parameters implemented met project requirements by serving as the IT lead responsible for overcoming any organizational and technical barriers that arose. During this period I was able to successfully multi-task and manage several projects concurrently making my role key in the successful implementation of 14 new portfolios that had a combined growth of $1.26B in new receivables. Implemented successful business-wide initiatives such as: Ovations! - An associates rewards and recognition system. Primary responsibility was to enhance the system's Graphical User Interface and make it more intuitive for the users. The completed project resulted in a 50% increase in system productivity while remaining stable during peak usage periods. This was accomplished by managing the wing-to-wing project implementation with the selected outside vendor and internal IT teams involved. Kronos TM Workforce Central - Key responsibility was to stabilize the application within the Windows 2k/Oracle 9i infrastructure by leveraging a test server for validating patches, and major version updates by the vendor. Once moved to the live production environment, load balancing between 3 application and 1 database server was implemented to better support peak usage times. This allowed the system to always be available for users to accurately record their time and ensured the Human Resource department they were within 99% compliance in handling employee payroll. Managed Offshore Resources during several key Intranet initiatives by assisting in the review and approval of high-level and detail design of business requirements for the enhancements/maintenance of other miscellaneous web applications within the scope of the Consumer Finance IT build team. After the testing phase was complete I assured the hand off from the build to the production run team was a seamless transition that did not interrupt any existing production processes. Initiated the role of a technical support contact providing maintenance and enhancements for three integrated business tracking systems built with classic ASP and MS SQL used to manage the work flow for a Portfolio Services department of 120 associates. Phases of the application were being built by members of the Information Management Leadership Program (IMLP), each with specific requirements to implement within their six month rotation. These rotations left a support gap which I filled to address any system issues as they rose. This resulted in a smoother transition between the IMLP members by allowing them time to focus on and fulfilling their requirements of the program instead of immediately coming into a new rotation addressing issues left by a previous colleague. Implemented a database migration plan from MS SQL Server 6.5 to 2000, which included maintenance schedules and archiving. By the structure of the two versions MS SQL server being completely different, it had to be a two phased approach. Phase one required a migration from 6.5 to 7.0. Phase two was to migrate from 7.0 to 2000. Since support was going to be dropped for MS SQL Server 6.5 the entire project had to be completed within 30 days. This migration allow me to implement a regularly scheduled maintenance plan that reduced end-user downtime from 10 - 20 hours per month to zero The Subject Matter Expert for the Mid-Range Application group in Stamford responsible for conducting a transfer of knowledge from the Atlanta data management personnel back to the Mid-Range team for ongoing support. Due to the elimination of curtain business functions this process had to be successfully completed within 60 days to prevent the possible impact of production systems there after. I'm proficient at finance, business requirements, and visual studio.]
37242217, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from university of phoenix information technology. As a Systems & Document Administrator, I worked from January 1998 to January 2003. And my major duty is Key senior-level member of the information systems team with a variety of duties including project management, document management and publishing, web design, print design, user training and systems administration.. Promoted within two months of hire, again within the first two years and lastly promoted to a newly developed position.. Achieved first global electronic submissions to regulatory agencies by implementing and validating an electronic document management and publishing system as the primary systems administrator, developer, and project technical leader.. Resulted in NDA submission to the FDA ahead of target deadline saving millions in revenue.. Implemented and maintained application servers supporting secure Internet communications and business critical systems.. Created standard operating procedures, policies, development plans, disaster recovery, and other technical documentation in compliance with FDA requirements Project technical lead for company ERP system, several ongoing department projects and managed temporary and part-time employees and consultants Webmaster and graphic designer for Internet and intranet sites, print advertising, multimedia, and presentation projects Maintained Mac desktop computers and software supporting DNA Sequencer and robotic systems. I'm proficient at user training, information systems, and cisco.]
10089434, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from florida international univeristy. As a Information Services Liaison, T, I worked from Aug 2005 to Aug 2007. And my major duty is Troubleshooting hardware and software problems over the telephone and through remote PC administration software.. Installing, configuring, and supporting McAfee anti-virus software on desktops.. Installing, configuring, and supporting BBars computer backup software.. Developing and maintaining websites on servers running Microsoft SharePoint Server and Internet Information Services (IIS).. Supporting Systems Management Server (SMS). Troubleshooting LAN, WAN, Internet, and Intranet network and security access.. Troubleshooting network connectivity issues related to TCP/IP, Domain Name Service (DNS), Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) protocols, Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) proxy server, and VPN.. Troubleshooting web application/page issues, client browsers, and related software.. Administering and maintaining of end user accounts, permissions, and access rights in in Microsoft Active Directory.. Administering and maintaining of NTFS security permissions on the file servers.. Installing, configuring, and maintaining hardware such as: servers, workstations, laptops, printers, and scanners in a Windows Enterprise environment.. Installing, configuring, and supporting printers on the print servers.. Installing, configuring, and supporting Microsoft Windows Server 2000 and 2003, Microsoft Windows XP and Windows Vista, and Microsoft Office XP, 2003, and 2007. I'm proficient at security, bash, and mcafee.]
11957080, [I got my b   s   business administration in business administration from california state university. As a Computer Systems Manager, And my major duty is Database Manager and Desktop Publisher Managed and maintained customized church database with 6000+ entries including membership, attendance, and contribution modules.. Produced tailored reports for administrator using data analysis and manipulation techniques.. Analyzed and produced visualized reports of abstract data.. Trained others to manipulate the database for creating custom reports for their departments.. Served as network administrator.. Diagnosed and implemented solutions for routine hardware issues.. Edited weekly publications including the Lantern Newsletter.. Prepared special publication projects. I'm proficient at technical support, t voicemail, and visual studio.]
35325329, [I got my bs psychology in psychology from assumption. As a Program Administrator, And my major duty is Defined, managed, and owned the three year IT project and program roadmap, project and features prioritization, and release strategy of the web enablement of a 20/7 statewide enterprise case management, reporting, and payment system (for over 6,000 health and human services providers from the public and private sectors) including the successful on-boarding of tenants and 300% expansion of user database with very minimal workflow interruption.. Outcome: Public and private service providers were able to use the case management system and they were able to provide same day services to our clients in need without duplication of services.. Initiated and led the inclusion of HIPAA guidelines, Privacy Rule, and IT Security policies to the department workflow and applications by actively collaborating with Washington State's lawyers and IT security staff so that the appropriate language and/or workflow can be included and leveraged in confidentiality agreements, service level agreements (SLAs), vendor contracts, and online alerts/ notices, and training.. Outcome: 100% Department Compliance with regulations; Staff were comfortable with the tool. I'm proficient at enterprise, electronic medical records, and processes.]
10840430, [I got my m   s   public administration   government law in psychology from sul ross university. As a IT Specialist, And my major duty is Managed computer support , cost analysis, and acquisition to support ANG work plans.. Lead teams to execute Air National Guard budget for computers and associated technologies.. Proven ability to formulate, justify, and defend assigned programs and projects.. Demonstrated knowledge of cost comparison procedures, directives, and communications.. Communicated effectively in written and oral mediums.. Provided technical direction concerning the acquisition of hardware and software for the entire Air National (ANG).. Performed analysis and evaluation of hardware and software to provide the best technical solution.. Advised components of the ANG on acquisition, procurement, maintenance and feasibility for adoption of information technology hardware and software. I'm proficient at enterprise, training manuals, and configuration management.]
64017585, [I got my bs in print production from st   john   s university. As a IT Manager, I worked from August 2010 to May 2012. And my major duty is Managed a staff of ten IT support staff, which provided support for all users employed within Ogilvy North American offices.. Constantly           developing new standards and IT policy's to improve support reaction time.. Key Accomplishment: Lead architect for migrating all Lotus           Notes and MS Exchange users to Cloud (Google) Mail.. Gathered and analyzed performance metric data. I'm proficient at upgrading, marketing strategy, and digital photography.]
19850482, [I got my b   s   computer science in computer science from montclair state university. As a IT Support Manager, I worked from 02/2001 to now.And my major duty is Worked directly with vendors to implement/upgrade market data software and hardware Coordinated a successful PC hardware and operating system upgrade for all branch offices Managed and administered the upgrade of the Microsoft Exchange email system which included hardware replacement and server software upgrades Managed daily and incremental backups of critical files, and mail servers, and coordinated off-site storage of backup tapes Set standards and ordered equipment for the firm including PCs, servers and network peripherals Managed market data entitlements, FIX connections and new systems for all traders Participate in FINRA and 'in-house' audits, requests and regulation requirements. I'm proficient at training, performance improvements, and exchange server.]
52618188, [I got my bba   business administration in business administration from sam houston state university. As a Customer Service Professional, I worked from March 2007 to August 2008. And my major duty is Answers incoming customer telephone calls in a courteous and professional manner.. Responds to and investigates customer inquiries, concerns, orders and issues received via phone, fax, email, Shell Source, and EDI in a timely and courteous manner.. Responsible for entering orders and resolving customer issues for many different products using the SAP/CRM and Remedy tool.. Researches and resolves customer complaints and/or ordering issues and determines effective method of distribution to satisfy customer needs.. Assign, escalate, and notify appropriate agents/managers of customer issues to ensure fast and effective support delivery and resolutions using Remedy Maintain relationship with sales team, customers and manufacturing and suppliers. I'm proficient at processes, novell, and cognos.]
28897981, [I got my master of science   management and organizational leadership in technology from eastern washington university. As a Marine Science Technician, E-6, I worked from 11/1984 to 05/2004. And my major duty is Provided level I, II, and III IT support as a Regional System Manager for other 400 workstations, across multiple Coast Guard campus, at remote field stations, and for facilities on ships.. Provided training a assistance to system operators at units in problem solving, daily operations, including system backups, user profile setups, and user support.. Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.. Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers.. Assisted customers with technical issues via email, live chat and telephone.. Created and supported multiple MS Access databases to track business needs. I'm proficient at problem solver, innovator inspection, and web.]
51639418, [I got my ph   d     organization and management in organization and management from capella university. As a Professor, I worked from September 1999 to August 2003. And my major duty is Taught graduate courses in (1) Data Communication, Networks and Distributed Processing; (2) Computer Concepts and Programming Tools; (3) Relational Databases. I'm proficient at leadership, ibm, and sharepoint.]
20674668, [I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at framework middleware, php, and methodologies.]
23527321, [I got my master of business administration in  from new jersey institute of technology. As a PC Coordinator, I worked from January 1990 to January 1992. And my major duty is Responsible for day-to-day support of PC hardware and software for the Prudential Help Desk. I'm proficient at dispersed team management, business process design, and sap.]
18159866, [I got my b   s   computer science in computer science from university of texas at el paso city. As a Senior Systems Analyst, I worked from 01/1984 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for the implementation of retail industry best practices and for the development of new distribution and replenishment systems.. Designed and implemented a multi-tier replenishment system, for a large chain of supermarkets.. Participated in the designed an implementation of pricing & promotion systems and a sales forecasting system. I'm proficient at substantial exposure to data processing, in depth knowledge of applicable laws and regulations as they relate to it, and hardware platforms.]
22776912, [I got my bs   information technology in information technology from portland community college. As a Manager/Director, I worked from January 2000 to January 2006. And my major duty is Ensure full delivery of all IT initiatives for an international spa manufacture including retail markets.. Responsible for IT directives in alignment with company strategic plan.. Recruit, train, and mentor technology team members.. Develop and implement strategic IT support plan.. Direct staff, vendors and project teams through due-diligence, prioritization and development.. Initiate and facilitate relationships across functional and divisional organizations as well as developed relationships with key outside vendors/suppliers.. Member of Strategic Planning, Budget and ESOP committees.. Key Achievements: Infrastructure Development.. Systems and infrastructure required complete reconstruction without interruption to daily business.. Below reflects only a few of many successful achievements.. Implemented Nortel PBX System with VoIP Switching.. System provided linking to several different off-site divisions enabling a call to be transferred thru-out the company.. Successfully design, development and integration several mission-critical applications providing sharable information and maintaining data integrity.. Implemented and mentored an outstanding support team.. Implemented MAS200-500 accounting with customized features including ERP.. Implemented high level data security and provided international data interaction using ISO guidelines.. Implemented Supply Chain Security Management Systems.. Designed and implemented several high-end Web sites.. Established real-time interactive accounting, manufacturing, and vendor information that increased sales, reduced manpower and provided 7x24 information and product ordering to dealers and customers.. E-commerce (B2B, B2C, and EDI).. Implemented desktop internet faxing providing efficient time usage to end-users, reduced printer support, paper &copper analog lines Successful implementation of Lean Manufacturing and Lean Office providedefficient time management which resulted in higher produced units, reduced inventory waste, and increased the bottom line.. Implemented and managed a Tsumani 5 GHz Point to Point, 100TX base full duplex wireless broadband system between Corp.. and off-site Marketing and R&D.. The technology provided end-users with robust data entry and retrieval times.. Added value provided the IT department with better resource utilization.. Designed and implemented an ECM program.. The application covered cradle to grave information that included inventory, budget, timelines, developments and sign-off.. Implemented VPN network between Corp headquarters and Retail Stores Division.. Provided consolidation of information, data backups and application software to be hosted at Corp.. thus reducing redundant systems, manpower and providing improved service. I'm proficient at citrix, enterprise, and websites.]
23864648, [I got my bachelor of science   computer science in computer science from community college of the air force. As a Healthcare Systems Specialist, I worked from 02/1993 to 11/1998. And my major duty is Maintain records of goods ordered and received.. Review, evaluate, and approve specifications for issuing and awarding bids.. Control purchasing department budgets.. Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.. Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.. Design, configure, and test computer hardware, networking software and operating system software.. Attended Air Force Airman Leadership School, graduating as the honor graduate. I'm proficient at infrastructure management data center operations project management team building coaching vendor management and negotiation budget management policy program development lan wan, san, and firewalls and routers.]
18187364, [I got my master of science in management from management college of saint rose. As a Associate Computer Programmer/Analyst, I worked from June 1991 to September 1996. And my major duty is Technical lead responsible for Pavement and Bridge Management Systems development and production Oracle databases operating in client/server environment.. Prepared EDP sections of consulting contracts and budgets.. Managing analyst for Pavement and Bridge Maintenance Systems jointly developed by Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the Thruway Authority.. Developed and maintained data standards and agency data dictionary system. I'm proficient at data dictionary system, ibm, and enterprise.]
83816738, [I got my master of science   computer science in computer science from lamar university city   state   united states of america gpa                 bachelor of engineering   electronics and communication engineering. As a Software Developer Intern, I worked from 01/2013 to now.And my major duty is Designed and developed applications using Scrum, an iterative and incremental Agile Software Development methodology.. Performed back-end development using PHP (CodeIgniter MVC Framework).. Developed CMS like system majorly based on PHP and MYSQL.. Built a file-crawler app in CodeIgniter for sorting and removing duplicates and redundant files.. Created data entry forms in HTML embedded with PHP.. Trained in effectively utilizing agile methodologies and Object Oriented Programming practices.. Maintained project documentation.. Trained in utilizing version control system like Git and managing project timeline by use of OpenERP, a comprehensive suite of business applications.. Responsible for writing User and Administrator Modules of PHP MySQL applications as per the technical specifications.. Responsible for implementing and hosting of prototype systems on test servers.. Attended seminars and workshops about SQL (Structured Query Language) and Database Design. I'm proficient at practices agile scrum, cloud application platform aws, and mongodb.]
20824105, [I got my master of science in telecommunication and networks from northeastern university. As a AWS Certified Solutions Architect- Associate, I worked from 10/2018 to now.And my major duty is ID-J007G7C1MFE41RSQ) Aug 2019 Cisco Certified Network Associate - CCNA 200-125 (ID-CSCO13264710.I worked from 04/2019 to now.And my major duty is Set up a VPC network on Amazon and created public and private subnets, security groups, elastic IP and NAT gateway.. Created an EC2 instance with Windows AMI to host an application on virtual machine WAN network deployment for a multinational organization using Cisco Packet Tracer Fall 2018.. Configured routers, switches and implemented IP addressing, subnetting for a multi-location enterprise network using DHCP,  OSPF, HSRP, RSTP for routing and redundancy.. Solved security threats by providing network security using ACL and port security Linux Based Integrated Ad-Hoc Network for IT infrastructure (Linux, Ubuntu) Fall 2018.. Designed and implemented a prototype illustrating a client-server model for hosting WebServer (Apache2), master and slave. I'm proficient at oracle windows server aws active directory, enterprise, and bash.]
33381211, [I got my bs   electronics and communications engineering in electronics and communications engineering from . As a Information Technology Consultant, I worked from 04/1998 to 06/2003.  I'm proficient at people centered leadership, strategic tactical planning, and designing architecting systems.]
16533554, [I got my bachelor of science in management information systems from university of maryland university college   city. As a Network Support Technician, I worked from Jan 2003 to Aug 2003. And my major duty is Provided network and desktop support to over 800 users Provided technical support to all offices of the S.B.A.. Domain Supported the Help Desk using Help Star software Troubleshooting of Windows 98 and 2000 Desktop Computers Implemented Group Policy Objects to control desktop environment and security Performed Hardware and Software upgrades and replacements Performed installations and troubleshooting of MS Office Suite Managed users, computers, and Organizational Units through Active Directory Created disc images of desktop and notebook computers using Norton Ghost Troubleshooting and repairs of Laser Printers and Copy Machines. I'm proficient at ibm, toshiba and sony laptops, and wireless a b g.]
20879311, [I got my bachelor of science in psychology   history from rutgers university. As a Data/Systems Administrator, I worked from January 1998 to January 2000. And my major duty is Global provider of information technology products and services (3 Billion in revenue) Oversee and modify the daily download of data from several distributors.. Uploaded data to appropriate SQL databases.. Maintained and perform hardware/software upgrades on Windows FTP servers. I'm proficient at enterprise, sound, and cisco.]
31111279, [I got my b   a   foreign languages and literatures in management science   decision support systems from virginia tech. As a Systems Analyst/ Programmer, I worked from 05/1998 to now.And my major duty is Programmed in SQL for HBOC Clinical and Financial systems, developed various hospital reports for Financial departments.. Project Manager on IMNET Electronic Medical Records software.. Learned MSSQL to support system and help implement for Medical Records and charting needs, electronic sign-off by physician. I'm proficient at etc, training, and and pmo trained business analysts.]
17111768, [I got my master of science in sociology from yti career technical instituation. I have 3 work experiences.  ]
11584809, [I got my master of science   computer   information science in management of information systems from university of maryland university college. As a Information Systems Technician, I worked from July 2008 to July 2014. And my major duty is Utilized IT expertise to support communications efforts in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn, focusing on network security, Microsoft-based programs, and the installation and maintenance of affiliated hardware.. Demonstrated technical expertise to install, upgrade, and troubleshoot networks and related articles, such as video teleconferencing systems, routers, servers, computers, switches, and sound systems.. Entrusted with confidential information to successfully develop and review specifications, standards, protocol, and inventory data, as well as keeping numerous systems encrypted.. Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.. Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops.Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.. Maintained audiovisual equipment, including overhead projectors, laptops and video conferencing equipment. I'm proficient at large computer networks, microsoft exchange, and system administration.]
20408458, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science   information technology information technology support from university of phoenix. As a Customer Engineer, I worked from 12/2009 to 05/2010. And my major duty is Prepare directory structures and applying appropriate permissions for users on the Network Attached Storage (NAS).. Send email notifications to the branch mgr, asst mgr, ROM, and area mgr's in order for them to prepare for the centralization of the branch, at the same time send a separate set of notification to the non-branch users working on a branch environment.. Use Carbon Copy to remote into a user's computer and move their .pst files from their home (H:) drive on the server to their local computer and reconfigure Outlook to use file from the new location.. Use Robocopy to copy user data from their H: drive to their new folder on the NAS.. Use Remote Desktop Connection to connect to servers and set up scheduled tasks.. Perform cutovers at the schedule dates as needed, logging in to 20 servers nightly and verifying that the scheduled task has been running, verify all appropriate users on the original server have a folder on the NAS with appropriate permissions, update Active Directory to use new (H:) drive, break the share on the old server for the "Users" and "Shared" folders, once accomplish the folder with the batch files and server text files must be moved to the archive folder to keep a count of the branches done.. Assist in the command center conference call to verify the branch teammates access to the (H:) drive and (S:) drive from 8:30am to 10:00am daily.. Perform the same activities for the non-branch teammates working on a branch environment, but must be perform before the second notification for the branch is send out.I worked from 07/2009 to 10/2009. And my major duty is Responsible for providing technical desktop support for ATT upgrade project for 7+ ATT wireless stores.. Duties performed include but not limited to: Installation of Ingenico SigCap devices.. Flash peripherals with the latest updates.. Troubleshoot tickets using the Remedy application.. Image and configure computers for the 4QT09 rollout.. Inventory 3QT09 equipment to be return to the vendor.. Image and configure managers laptops.. Provide support for the retail stores.I worked from 12/2008 to 05/2009. And my major duty is Responsible for the network support of the recruiting team while at the Radisson Hotel, Lead the deployment of 300 PC and peripherals once the main building was finish.. Document all inventory for the IT Manager.. Shipping and receiving of IT hardware.. Install all servers that will be utilized in the forest. I'm proficient at engineer, ibm, and leadership.]
91121135, [I got my diploma in virginia high school from virginia high school. As a Employee Benefits Assistant, I worked from January 1979 to January 1988. And my major duty is Communicated plans to employees.. Established and maintained enrollment records through payroll system, and prepared required plan reports.. Administered Group's Service Recognition program, including organizing the Service Awards Banquet.. Served as liaison with area hospitals for blood donor program. I'm proficient at transcription, forms, and benefits.]
24230851, [I got my associate of science   psychology in psychology from eastern kentucky university. As a Customer Service Representative, And my major duty is Handled 100 calls a day while being able to multi task and provide accurate information to the consumers while maintaining a high level of quality of service.. Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well          as actions taken.. Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter          orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.. Practiced Conflict Resolution, refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further          investigation.. Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers. I'm proficient at leadership, performance appraisals, and e mail.]
40018190, [I got my bachelor of science in management information systems from william woods university city. As a Technology Assistant Intern, I worked from 08/2013 to now.And my major duty is Maintained 489 page University website. Managed and completed daily work orders for University Help Desk. Attended weekly administrative technology meetings relating to technology problems/solutions.. Managed/deployed hardware and software to student body as well as faculty. I'm proficient at sharepoint, hpsm, and que monitoring.]
16186411, [I got my master of science   computer engineering in computer engineering from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Database Programmer/Analyst (.NET Developer), I worked from Jun 2014 to Feb 2016. And my major duty is Worked as Graduate Research Assistant performing the duties of Database Programmer/Analyst at Application Development Network (ADN), DoIT which supports University of Missouri System faculty and students through agile and rapid creation of new applications.. Projects: Atlas: Description: This project is all about requesting, scheduling the tutoring sessions.. There are three roles tied to application they are Tutee, Tutor, and Scheduler.. A tutee requests for tutoring for the classes that he/she enrolled and gives availability apart from the class timing through Availability Grid and Tutor submits availability.. A scheduler will go through those availabilities and schedule time and location for tutoring.. Also, there are some set of rules for dropping the tutoring sessions which are incorporated in this project.. The other piece of this project is automated emails through Scheduled task which runs every day.. Responsibilities: Created a Availability Calendar Grid.. In grid each cell represents time (1 hour span) and day of the week.. Clicking on the cell toggles the availability.. Automatically populated the course schedule which comes from different database(Worked with data warehouse team in order to get that data) Developed C# Console Application for Scheduled email task.. Got rid of data tables and table adapters in the main project as they are tightly coupled.. Created Class libraries out of the main project to access the database which can be used by both Console Application for Schedule task and web application.. Integrated Open Source HTML text editor CKEditor into the website.. Used jQuery for filtering, sorting and search the listview, JavaScript for clientside validations.. Used role based authorization for various pages.. The goal of the project to refractor the old application with new templates and replace the assemblies.. Adding functionalities to upload pdf files.. Responsilities: Created separate Login page for Administrator and Students.. Used Active Directory (AD Group) to restrict other department Students.. Developed a web interface for Administrators to upload the pdf files into database which can be viewed by students.. Updated the entire application by using new Visual Studio 2013 template which make use of Bootstrap CSS by changing the master pages.. Modified the structure of database to login.. Used Redgate SQL Compare to copy the data from database from dev server to test sever.. Replaced the old ADN Utilities assemblies with new DoIT Utilities assemblies.. AppInventory: Description: The goal of the project to allow the admins, managers, scrum masters of the organization to keep track various applications which includes their developed, ongoing and future projects.. For every application there are application parameters which includes App Structure, Remedy group, User Departments etc.. and each application has different version.. For each version the parameters are Prod, QA, test URL, DCL, Database, platforms, framework used to develop application, UAT dates etc.. Scrum Masters can estimate the length and cost to build the application (Project Estimator) based on number of developers, Sprint length, weeks of UAT etc which they can share with clients.. After starting the project they can keep track of current progress by budget, sprint burndown charts.. Responsibilities: Entity Framework was used using Database first approach.. LINQ was used in the DAL (Data Access Layer) to interact with the Database Consumed ADO.Net Entity Frame Work for Entity Data Model, Entities, Relationship Mapping, and Querying Data.. Console Application to import the data from CSV files to populate them into the system.. Automatic logout when user is idle for a specified time by using session parameters and JavaScript.. Used client side validations, onbeforeunload and onunload events in Javascript.. Worked on agile environment.. Participated in daily scrum meetings to discuss the status of development, planning and estimating the points and UAT.. GoAdmin: Description: GoMizzou is the University of Missouri flagship mobile application, designed to provide services to all possible users of the university.. The goal of this project is to allow GoMizzou Staff to edit the master tables involved with the GoMizzou webservices.. These master tables are the starting point for all window services (which feed the web services).. Production URL: https://appsprod.missouri.edu/GoAdmin Responsibilities: Developed Application using AJAX controls like modal popup, ASP.Net server controls like listview, formview, worked on Clientside and Server side Validations and created Master Pages.. Filtering of the data of listview based on the role.. Used n-Tier Architecture, Created the Business Logic Layer by using Class Libraries to interact with database.. Modified the existing webservices like SocialSpirit, News webservices, Events web and windows services.. Created ASP.Net User Controls to reduce the complexity of user interface design Created dynamic queries, stored procedures, Views and triggers in SQL server for the database manipulation.. Mizzou Checkout: The goal of the project is to develop a web application for Checkout process similar to shopping cart for various departments who met the certain rules.. Responsibilities: Used Smpt server to send emails Developed C# Class Library to import the data from the CSV file to system LIM Service for late fee assessment Access to page based on the role (Role based authentication) Personalized Email for Outlook: The goal of the project to give students to customize their outlook email. I'm proficient at visual studio, application development, and sql server.]
29975124, [I got my bachelor of science   computer science in computer science from georgia intitute of technology. As a Senior Programmer, I worked from 03/1994 to 04/1996. And my major duty is Develop and maintain application using Uniface 5.2, Oracle 7.3, and image software PowerImage.. Maintained an Oracle database, including creating new tables and triggers and Application Support.. Led sessions with users to collect requirements, develop new features and improve current features of application. I'm proficient at sharepoint, enterprise, and uniface.]
26746496, [I got my master of science   computer engineering in computer engineering from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Database Programmer/Analyst (.NET Developer), I worked from Jun 2014 to Feb 2016. And my major duty is Description:. Worked as Graduate Research Assistant performing the duties of Database Programmer/Analyst at Application Development Network (ADN), DoIT which supports University of Missouri System faculty and students through agile and rapid creation of new applications.. Projects:. Atlas:. Description:. This project is all about requesting, scheduling the tutoring sessions. There are three roles tied to application they are Tutee, Tutor, and Scheduler. A tutee requests for tutoring for the classes that he/she enrolled and gives availability apart from the class timing through Availability Grid and Tutor submits availability. A scheduler will go through those availabilities and schedule time and location for tutoring. Also, there are some set of rules for dropping the tutoring sessions which are incorporated in this project. The other piece of this project is automated emails through Scheduled task which runs every day.. Responsibilities:. Created a Availability Calendar Grid. In grid each cell represents time (1 hour span) and day of the week. Clicking on the cell toggles the availability. Automatically populated the course schedule which comes from different database(Worked with data warehouse team in order to get that data). Developed C# Console Application for Scheduled email task.. Got rid of data tables and table adapters in the main project as they are tightly coupled. Created Class libraries out of the main project to access the database which can be used by both Console Application for Schedule task and web application.. Integrated Open Source HTML text editor CKEditor into the website.. Used jQuery for filtering, sorting and search the listview, JavaScript for clientside validations.. Used role based authorization for various pages.. Occupational Therapy:. Description:. The goal of the project to refractor the old application with new templates and replace the assemblies. Adding functionalities to upload pdf files.. Responsilities:. Created separate Login page for Administrator and Students. Used Active Directory (AD Group) to restrict other department Students.. Developed a web interface for Administrators to upload the pdf files into database which can be viewed by students.. Updated the entire application by using new Visual Studio 2013 template which make use of Bootstrap CSS by changing the master pages.. Modified the structure of database to login.. Used Redgate SQL Compare to copy the data from database from dev server to test sever.. Replaced the old ADN Utilities assemblies with new DoIT Utilities assemblies.. AppInventory:. Description:. The goal of the project to allow the admins, managers, scrum masters of the organization to keep track various applications which includes their developed, ongoing and future projects. For every application there are application parameters which includes App Structure, Remedy group, User Departments etc. and each application has different version. For each version the parameters are Prod, QA, test URL, DCL, Database, platforms, framework used to develop application, UAT dates etc. Scrum Masters can estimate the length and cost to build the application (Project Estimator) based on number of developers, Sprint length, weeks of UAT etc which they can share with clients. After starting the project they can keep track of current progress by budget, sprint burndown charts.. Responsibilities:. Entity Framework was used using Database first approach.. LINQ was used in the DAL (Data Access Layer) to interact with the Database. Consumed ADO.Net Entity Frame Work for Entity Data Model, Entities, Relationship Mapping, and Querying Data.. Console Application to import the data from CSV files to populate them into the system.. Automatic logout when user is idle for a specified time by using session parameters and JavaScript.. Used client side validations, onbeforeunload and onunload events in Javascript.. Worked on agile environment.. Participated in daily scrum meetings to discuss the status of development, planning and estimating the points and UAT.. GoAdmin:. Description:. GoMizzou is the University of Missouri flagship mobile application, designed to provide services to all possible users of the university. The goal of this project is to allow GoMizzou Staff to edit the master tables involved with the GoMizzou webservices. These master tables are the starting point for all window services (which feed the web services).. Responsibilities:. Developed Application using AJAX controls like modal popup, ASP.Net server controls like listview, formview, worked on Clientside and Server side Validations and created Master Pages.. Filtering of the data of listview based on the role.. Used n-Tier Architecture, Created the Business Logic Layer by using Class Libraries to interact with database.. Modified the existing webservices and windows services.. Created ASP.Net User Controls to reduce the complexity of user interface design. Created dynamic queries, stored procedures, Views and triggers in SQL server for the database manipulation.. Mizzou Checkout:. The goal of the project is to develop a web application for Checkout process similar to shopping cart for various departments who met the certain rules.. Responsibilities:. Used Smtp server to send emails with attachment to the email. Developed C# Class Library to import the data from the CSV file to system. Used LIM Service for late fee assessment. Access to page based on the role (Role based authentication) ]
89413122, [I got my bs   management information systems in management information systems from new york university. As a Information Technology Specialist, I worked from 08/1999 to now.And my major duty is Designed data structures and developed systems for science related database applications.. Assistant to the Protecting Human Subject Program Manager. This assignment included coordination of the Department's Human Subjects Working Group including organization/planning of meetings and on site reviews as well as reviewing and editing applications and published materials. I'm proficient at information design, information technology, and website design.]
12334140, [I got my b   s   b   a in business administration   office administration from john l   grove college of business. As a Information Technology Technician, I worked from 02/1996 to now.And my major duty is Provided computer help desk support and technical training on hardware/software to end users.. Documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and provided overall assistance in daily administration of a Novell Netware 4.11 Network.. Performed set-up, break-down, and transport of agency equipment on an as-needed basis. I'm proficient at finance, ibm, and novell netware.]
10641230, [I got my associate of science in information technology from . As a Information Technology Consultant, I worked from July 2011 to February 2012. And my major duty is Contracted IT consulting work from client computer repair to network expansion.I worked from May 2011 to July 2011. And my major duty is In charge of company website management, social media administration, as well as assisting in administrative tasks. I'm proficient at java programming, telephony, and organization development.]
10265057, [I got my m   s   electrical and computer engineering in electrical and computer engineering from purdue university. As a Electrical/Validation Engineer, I worked from May 2011 to August 2011. And my major duty is Develop and maintain data requirement for PCBA EVT, DVT, and PVT assembly for touch-pads - Design and implement automated test for sensitivity, packrat, hovering, profiles, ripple, GSM, EMI, and ESD - Monitor manufacturer IC packaging test yields and field return failure data to identify root cause - Develop in-depth reliability testing procedures: storage, thermal stock, drop and tap tests - Perform debug and troubleshooting of product in house and at contract manufacturer site for support - Contribute in manufacturing diagnostic reviews to improve overall debug process more efficiently and effectively - Support internal and external customer related to lab data collection and verification of an application issue. I'm proficient at system design, db, and programming.]
30223363, [I got my b   e   computer engineering mumbai university b   e in computer engineering in computer engineering from mumbai university. As a IT Support, I worked from 05/2010 to 07/2010. And my major duty is Used Sys-Aid ticketing software for handling service requests from library staff Responsible for troubleshooting and maintenance of hardware and software devices Maintained Local Area Network of UM Libraries and performed Ghosting, G-Disking processes I'm proficient at business requirements, sql server, and liaison.]
15791766, [I got my master of science in management   project management from university of phoenix. As a Information Technology Specialist, And my major duty is Trained new employees and explained protocols clearly and efficiently.. Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to resolve complaints and answer inquiries.. 9 years experience working as an agent to all corporate systems in the field, call center and central service office.. Analyzed system problems, performed troubleshooting, ensured connectivity and trained staff.. Key Performance: Managed and supported workstations on TCP/IP, VPN, and Wi-Fi networks, managed Active Directory, SCCM, VOIP, Avaya PBX systems.. Managed and supported workstations in various locations with use of SMS (System management software) and remote tools such as VNC, RDC and Active Directory Facilitated Adds/Moves/Changes on Avaya PBX telephone systems Supported the integration of new technologies such as Cloud printing and CSO (Remote Enterprise) into operation.. Maintenance & Upgrades: Performed weekly health checks via SMS and documented results for problem resolutions Performed routine maintenance on workstations, IP phones, Xerox copiers, HP printers and laptop computers.. Performed all hardware/software upgrades servers, workstations, copiers and printers.. Acted as a liaison to resolve all technical issues for vendors, managers, trainers etc.. Developed and maintained documentation needed by support staff, including troubleshooting steps, installation instructions, new tools overviews, and contact lists.. Responsible for notifying users of network/system issues.. Established solid work relationships with management, technical staff, vendors, end users. I'm proficient at ca, enterprise, and networks.]
29075857, [I got my ms   computer science in computer science from fairleigh dickinson university. As a Software Developer/QA Project Lead, PRODIGY, I worked from January 1988 to January 1996.  I'm proficient at training, qa testing, and cognos.]
12763627, [I got my bachelor of technology   computer science and engineering in computer science from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Software Engineer, And my major duty is Responsibilities:. Designed and developed an application to migrate legacy data to ASP.Net application by providing the ability to validate the data to meet the business rules for the new application.. Design the story board using HTML and CSS and design database for applications by analyzing the customer requirements.. Perform code reviews of the modules developed by other team members and participate in pair programming to improve the coding standards of the overall application.. Preparation of build packages and actively participate in integration and deployment phase of the applications. TECHNICALS SKILLS: Programming Languages: C# Web Technologies: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET 4.0/3.5/2.0, MVC 4 Application Software: Visual Studio 2008/2010/2013, SQL Server Management Studio Databases: SQL Server 2005/2008 R2, MySQL, Oracle Others: HTML, JQuery, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JIRA Source Controls: Team Foundation Sever, GitHub, Visual Source Safe PROJECTS AT WORK: 1) LEDGER: Ledger is developed to manage the task of invoice clearance for different finance benefits trust accounts of Pratt & Whitney. It is also used to track invoices charged back to the department budget or to the various business units. The primary objective of this project was to migrate the existing application which was developed in MS-Access to a web based application by implementing security and adding additional business rules. 2) DEBTS (Daily Equity Based Tax Solution): DEBTS is a tool which is used to calculate employee tax based on certain parameters (medical, social security tax factor). It is developed for UTC USA and deals with all UTC employees' daily equity tax. UBS will place a flat file each day in SFTP with all transactions performed by the employees of UTC. The typical flat file contains employee id, country code, tax details etc. DEBTS tool will connect to SFTP and downloads flat file to perform the validation rules, at last tool will decide the record status (there are 3 statuses as Valid, Exception and Pending). User can login to the system and can review the exception records. And also user can rectify the exceptions to move the exception record to valid records and send the funding files to ADP. 3) Supplier Portal Supplier Portal is designed in SharePoint 2010 to collaborate with their authorized suppliers. Supplier Portal is a merge of seven legacy Pratt and Whitney existing applications into a single portal. The features that are available simplify the way their suppliers can access required business & technical information, as well as how they can provide P&W with valuable delivery information. It is one of the main communication portals and it plays a major role in doing business with Pratt & Whitney. Apart from SharePoint 2010, we used SQL Server 2012 and ASP.Net to develop this application. 4) eRFA (electronic Request For Agreement): RFA is an agreement between two parties (Company and Client) before they start the work. This process involved more than eight approvers to approve the agreement. The existing process which involves manual submission has many problems such as knowing status of agreement, percentage of completion and approval status etc. The new eRFA application is developed in SharePoint as an electronic application which has more flexible UI to capture all required data and it eliminated most of the manual efforts in terms of searching for online results and internal applications to validate the data entered by requester, more flexible approval process and status tracking. 5) Export Logging Tool Export Logging Tool is a web based application to collect and log all export activities occurring at Pratt & Whitney Military Engines with a simple interface with an ability to generate various reports required to report of export events. Apart from these features it also includes the facility of uploading bulk data into the database which needs to be validated for the correctness of the data against business rules which determine the type of data that can be uploaded into each column. AWARDS AND PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION:. Won Associate of the Month award at CYIENT.. Member of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as DEBTS and eRFA.. Stood 3rd in SIASAT's national level talent search examination during high school. I'm proficient at engineer, finance, and security.]
39718499, [I got my bachelor of science   management utica college   city   state   us utica college utica   ny bachelor of science may      major   management in management from utica college   city   state   us utica college utica   ny. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is Salvation Army Volunteer Neighborhood clean-up North Utica Youth Football Volunteer I'm proficient at coaching, marketing, and customer service.]
27058381, [I got my bs   sociology and social work psychology in sociology and social work psychology from weber state university. As a Information Technology Specialist, I worked from  to 01/2013. And my major duty is Within my first 7 years I was able to go from a GS 3 Clerk position to the level of Systems Administrator GS -12 I achieved was to set up a single sign on BAG group, single sign on to the IMM, from un-secure  IMM Web page to a secure Web page and brought it current with the Big Fix patching.. Personal Interests: Riding Motorcycles, Walks, Hiking, riding bicycles, Camping, Spending quality time with family and friends Tracking the Stock Market. I'm proficient at computers trouble shooting microsoft access microsoft excel microsoft powerpoint microsoft word computer security anti hacking hids microsoft event logging adobe.]
25857360, [I got my associate of arts in general studies from southwest virginia community college. As a Deputy Clerk, I worked from 2003 to 2006. And my major duty is Responsible for the filing, preparation and maintenance of court files.. Completing and filing Warrant in Debts (300+ per month), completing and filing Garnishments (150+ per month), collecting court fines and costs, data Entry (70+ wpm) and court room support to the Judge.. Use of multi-line telephone, fax, copier and computer court system.. LEGAL SECRETARY.. Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices.. Coordinated board and committee meetings, including schedules and information preparation and distribution.. Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. I'm proficient at advanced clerical knowledge, works well under pressure, and accurate and detailed.]
26768723, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science information science   technology from university of wisconsin city. As a Information Technology Student Center Intern, I worked from September 2011 to December 2011. And my major duty is Resolved student center questions and arranged peer-to-peer tutoring/assistance with specific students in CSS program.. Prepared and delivered a Microsoft Office training session, training videos for the general public in a workforce environment.. Created and enabled multiple custom virtual machines in a sandboxed environment to distinguish networking and connectivity.. Continued research and interacted with Microsoft Windows, Macintosh OS X, mobile, and Linux operating systems. I'm proficient at hard drives, macintosh os, and processes.]
31243710, [I got my m   a counselor education and counseling psychology in sociology from ivy tech community college. As a Assistant Professor, I worked from 08/2000 to 07/2005. And my major duty is Program Chair for Region 2 (South Bend, Elkhart and Warsaw Server installations, teaching A+, Network+, Microsoft MCSA and Cisco CCNA classes, programming routers, switches and installing and configuring Windows 2000 server and Server 2003.. Supervised all Computer Information Systems faculty, staff and adjunct instructors for all three sites in Region 2, hardware/software troubleshooting and support.. Administration of group policy, Active Directory, FERPA compliance. I'm proficient at citrix, enterprise, and mac os.]
15297298, [I got my master of business administration in telecommunications management from keller graduate school of management. As a Director of Information Systems, I worked from Jan 2004 to Feb 2007. And my major duty is Implemented the agency's first disaster recovery plan to minimize productivity loss.. Established equipment lifecycles to maximize use of technology throughout the organization.. Created and delivered agency computer/security training collateral and instruction to increase end user knowledge and minimize agency risks.. Boosted user satisfaction by doubling bandwidth at 2 remote sites and tripling bandwidth at the corporate site, and ensuring usage of VoIP in future projects.. Reduced maintenance costs, improved productivity, increased employee security, and decreased travel expenses by implementing Verizon cell phone plan to replace pagers, and included the Field Force Manager that Integrated into backend clinical system to do scheduling. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and networks.]
27295996, [I got my bachelor of science   elementary teacher in elementary teacher from hennepin technical college. As a General Manager, I worked from July 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Trained and coordinated 25 office personnel  Provided supervision; supported and motivated employees Organized maintenance features, inventory control and ordered necessary materials  Formulated daily sales reports Participated in development of company advertisement. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and processes.]
39413067, [I got my associate of applied science in computer science from minnesota school of business. As a Help Desk Specialist, I worked from 08/2011 to 04/2012. And my major duty is Provided technical support for all network applications.. Monitored and advised for standards relating to client-side interfaces, website design and graphics development.. Served as an operating system expert and provided advanced technical support for all employees within the school district.. Improved reliability of education software, systems and databases.. Worked with clients to analyze computing inefficiencies, then recommended and implemented appropriate technologies that fit within the school district's budget.. Maintained composure and patience when faced with difficult customer situations.. Assisted in migrating from a Novell Network to a Microsoft Active Directory environment on Windows Server 2008.. Shared the task of re-imaging 3000 computers with a self-created, custom built Windows 7 Professional to complete an operating system migration from Windows XP. I'm proficient at technical support, upgrading, and consulting.]
48037995, [I got my doctor of pharmacy in hardware engineering from massachusetts college of pharmacy and health science. As a Teaching Assistant/ Laboratory Supervisor, And my major duty is Supervised and helped students during laboratory experiments. Soldered and assembled laboratory equipment. Maintained proper laboratory and general safety procedures and standards, including department cleanliness. I'm proficient at self disciplined and self motivated, high level of analytical and cognitive skills, and excellent interpersonal skills.]
15802627, [I got my sociology in sociology from state university of new york at stony brook. As a Network Administrator, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Network Administration. Install, configure and maintain organization's network.. Build networks and maintain external and internal web presence; administer the networks.. Perform system backups on its internal and external web network servers.. Design and support server systems and supporting software.. Support, monitor, test and troubleshoot hardware and software problems pertaining to LAN.. Install, configure and repair workstations.. Provide end users support for all LAN-based applications. I'm proficient at security, engineer, and server virtualization.]
51363762, [I got my bachelor of arts in business admin and management from pillar college. As a Information Technology Specialist, I worked from Sep 2011 to Current. And my major duty is Effective Acting branch and division chief of Customer Support Branch ATEC Headquarters (G6), APG, Maryland (2013-2015).. SWE on Information Systems Security (2011-2015).. Implements IT concepts, principles and methods and practices, providing technical oversight and Headquarters systems monitoring (2011- 2015).. Identifies and solves  complex  technological  problems  by determining  accuracy  and  relevance of  information while evaluating potential sources of information and disseminating solutions (2011-2015).. Efficient planning  and  delivery of customer  support  services,  including  installation,  configuration,  troubleshooting, customer assistance, and/or training, in response to customer requirements (2011-2015).. Knowledge of  Local Area  Network security  requirements and  techniques  tor  protecting computer  systems  from  viruses,  datatampering, and unauthorized system entry (2011-2015). Skillfully analyzes, plans, designs, implements, documents, assesses, and manages enterprise structural framework(2011-2015).. Knowledgeable  of  system   requirements  and  techniques  for  planning  current  and  future  system  architecture  requirements (2011-2015).. Expertise in Information Technology security  principles, concepts, practices, systems software, database software, and immediate access storage technology to carry out activities leading to security certification or accreditation (2011-2015).. Knowledgeable  of  telecommunications  characteristics  and  capabilities  of  systems,  media,  equipment,  and  related  software systems (2011-2015).. Ability to assess risk factors and advise on vulnerability to attack from a variety of sources and procedures and methods for protection of systems and applications.(2011-2015).. Defines  and  executes  application  alignment  with  business  strategy,   performance,  service  levels,  business  intelligence  and management, data privacy, compliance/policy and information security. (2011-2015).. Expertly applies analytical processes to the planning, design, and implementation of new and improved information systems to meet the business requirements of customer organizations (2011-2015).. Utilizes knowledge of  information technology principles, methods, and  security regulations  and  policies to  administer various information security programs (2011-2015).. Ensures confidentiality,  integrity,  and  availability of systems, networks,  and  data through  the planning,  analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security  programs, policies, procedures, and tools (2011-2015).. Served as Lead IT Specialist providing computer, networking and peripheral support to ATEC Headquarters QIP's in RTC, DTC and JITC (2014) I'm proficient at information systems, customer support information technology, and information security.]
18067556, [I got my bachelor of science   management of information systems in management of information systems from rowan college pursuing project management professional   pmp   certification rowan university. As a Information Technology and Analytics Manager, I worked from 01/2014 to 01/2017. And my major duty is Implemented process within external ERP portal to monetize 1000's of vendors to generate lean revenue based on financial and  operational data analysis.. This program is estimated to bring in $325,000 in its first year, an 8% increase in margin.. Created ad-hoc and scheduled BI (PowerBI/SSRS) reports to visualize critical client metrics and reports, internal performance  KPIs, operational resource planning, asset and revenue forecasting, P/L summaries, expense budgets, etc.. Spearheaded national RFP bids of multi-million-dollar procurement deals with several Fortune 500 retail, medical, and education  companies.. Tasks included sales analysis, margin analysis, multivariable pricing structures, vendor acquisition, developing process  flow and establishing KPI reporting for clientele and internal use.. Designed ad-hoc SQL views, stored procedures and reports to address company-wide data analysis and modeling.. Utilized advanced VBA programming and automation software to manage two billing systems, saving an estimated $75,000 in Salary  Expenses in 2015, translating to a 40% reduction in departmental spending.. Reported on a wide array of KPIs on operations, sales, accounting, and vendors via dashboard-style (BI/SSRS) reports for COO,  CFO, Vice President of Sales and Account Manager use.. Overhauled all company technology from on-premise systems to an array of cloud solutions, including replacing hardware and  migrating servers and databases, this renovation saves ~$108,000 per year and provides long-term scalability.I worked from 01/2015 to 01/2017. And my major duty is Co-Founded indoor, hydroponic farming company in South Jersey.. Bringing a hyper-local product to the Camden and Philadelphia  region HGF generated $100K in its first year via a strategic relationship with the premier food management service in Philadelphia,  local restaurants, farmer's markets, and Whole Foods retail chain.. Sales & Operations Planning (S&OP) - The S&OP team managed bi-directional interactions between sales, marketing,  production, and finance.. S&OP committee oversaw finished goods inventory controls, marketing vs financial targets, raw material  and supplier management, logistics and human capital planning.. Additionally, benchmarks for product mix, SKU management, and  forecast vs demand vs actual alignment.. Operations - Oversaw the general operations of the farm, including assigning day-to-day jobs, tracking yield results, establishing  daily work schedules, and tracking transplanting/harvesting schedules.. Automation Systems - Implemented an array of sensors to control environmental and nutrient levels.. Utilizing this data and  automation systems we drove automated pH balancing, nutrient leveling, temperature control, ventilation systems, and established  a strong exception-based manufacturing operation.. Finance - Oversawall aspects of the financial responsibilities including establishing a point of sales systems, P/L reports, budgeting  for OpEx and CapEx schedules, coordinating with lenders, insurance institutions and annual tax reports.. SOPs - Instituted standard operating procedures to ensure quality standards are maintained and product consistency is maintained. I'm proficient at upgrading, finance, and enterprise.]
27485716, [I got my bachelor of science in computers and information technology from university of phoenix. As a Director of Information Technology and Systems, And my major duty is Manage four hotels within REIT interfacing with both management and ownership to guide the hotel through day-to-day operations.. Insure that the company's strategic technologies needs are the primary focus.. Provided first and second-tier technical support and knowledge on Windows server/desktop applications        and resort PMS/POS Systems.. Provided operations management, including security, backup/recovery/disaster planning, off-hours staff        coverage.. Oversaw $1.4 M capital budget and hotel conversion. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and networks.]
26480367, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from robeson community college. As a Information Technology Specialist, I worked from 09/2006 to now.And my major duty is Conducted analysis to address network issues which led to. install of a T1 line.. Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company technology inventory.. Provide trouble shooting support in matters related to computer hardware and software issues.. Identify any computer architectural requirements; establish and upgrade systems; maintain installation records; improve system performance; maintain technical knowledge.. Set up and maintain local area network using cable layout and fiber optic connections.. Configure and trouble shooting routers, pix, Domino Server and Microsoft Windows 2003 Server.. Oversee staff related issues related to computer upgrades, hardware problems, virus, email accounts/ network ids, remote desktop support and training.. Develop policies and procedures for internet access and antivirus installations.. Communicate effectively with end users, vendors and upper management.. Trained end users in office applications and security issues.. Managed all pc hardware and software office applications and installations at the local branch offices, feed mills and truck shop in the Laurinburg, Bladenboro, Tar heel and Nichols S.C.. locations. I'm proficient at technical support, hard drives, and desktop support.]
81761658, [I got my bachelor of science in cybersecurity from university of maryland university college. As a Project Manager, I worked from June 2000 to December 2003. And my major duty is Provide leadership and direction to installation team members by investigating the radiology department workflow, gathering requirements, managing scope and ensuring quality throughout the installation. Work with the sales team to determine the PACS, Radiology Information Systems and/or Hospital Information System needs of the imaging center or hospital. Coordinate with vendors, hospital staff and hospital administration to determine the project timeline. Aware of HIPAA guidelines and their implications throughout the project timeline. Investigate Radiology modalities to determine DICOM compatibility and/or upgrade needs. Participate in all aspects of equipment installations. Communicate feedback to management regarding the needs of the sites. Develop procedures to deploy client PCs with a standard image and security policies. Work with help desk team to develop consistent help desk methods and call logging techniques I'm proficient at leadership, citrix, and sharepoint.]
79541391, [I got my bachelor of science   computer science   business in computer science   business from oneonta state university. As a QA compliance, I worked from September 2002 to July 2005. And my major duty is Responsibilities: - Tracked and managed resources, using Great Plains and MS Excel. - Assisted in yearly warehouse inventory. - Organized warehouse stockroom. - Ordered supplies from vendors. - Processed outgoing order shipments. - Processed Customer Credit Card Payments. - Processed orders over the phone. - Performed Quality Control. - Ensured orders went out correctly and on time - Facilitated employee training. Accomplishments: - Promoted within 3 months of starting. - Put in charge of 3 persons - Improved work order processing system - Improved speed and efficiency of work order processing by 40%, by simplifying the process, and by more efficient work coordination - Created shipping supplies order sheet, ensuring more accurate and faster tracking of supplies - Increased profits by increasing productivity - through above improvements, and by own commitment and motivation I'm proficient at technical support, security, and subject matter expert.]
23666211, [I got my bachelor of arts   equivalent     theology in theology from university of the south. As a Role Player, I worked from 01/2003 to 01/2004. And my major duty is Provided services as a role player in support of CISAC for US Army Intelligence Center.. Research & Development: Created new scenarios for Field Training Exercises (FTX) Cadre and teams, used world events as guidelines.. Executed quality assurance programs.. Prepared standard operating procedures.. Analyzed program data to assist in strategic decision-making. I'm proficient at delivery, leadership development, and instructor.]
12467531, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from santa monica college. As a Executive Advisor, I worked from 08/2015 to Current. And my major duty is Portfolio management realizing 20-25% annually over 5 year period. Research and Analytics. Provide relocation services for client's and their families. Take clients though Time and Asset Restructuring System. Developed anti-fragile contingency and recovery strategies to prepare company and clients for Black Swan Events. Planned and launched large-scale events that boosted revenue by 15%. Implemented process improvements to automate office operations, including record tracking and mobile apps. Improved office efficiency by effectively managing internal communications and correspondence. Maintained work structure by drafting work contracts I'm proficient at security trading, instructional design, and teaching.]
19918523, [I got my psychology in psychology from de anza college. As a Customer Service / Administrator, And my major duty is Created and maintained Customer Service Training manual for online classifieds company.. Provided internal and external customer service via e-mail and system troubleshooting. I'm proficient at mediation and advocacy talent, current virginia, and curriculum development and long term planning.]
62184086, [I got my master of science in instructional leadership early childhood education from tennessee technical university. As a Teacher, I worked from August 1996 to June 1997. And my major duty is l Fostered reasoning and problem solving through active exploration games and activities.. Monitored students' educational progress with individual charts and files.. Worked with interdisciplinary team members to evaluate children's progress and recommend appropriate.. learning plans.. Gave one-on-one attention to children while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.. Established daily routines that were easy for the children to follow.. Used classroom observations to create written assessments of student performance.. Organized and facilitated monthly parent support group meetings.. Nurtured a supportive learning environment that was often used as a model for other classrooms. I'm proficient at processes, excellent communication, and instructional design.]
28063132, [I got my bachelor of arts in african american studies from the ohio state university. As a Cook, I worked from Apr 2013 to Aug 2014. And my major duty is Train new employees, take orders, pass orders out to customers, prepare hot and cold food items, stock deliveries, maintain work area (cleaning). I'm proficient at service now ticketing system, answer phones, and microsoft powerpoint.]
29797594, [I got my bachelor of arts in liberal arts from california baptist university. As a Teacher, And my major duty is Fourth grade teacher for two years. Looped with my fourth graders from last year and now teach fifth grade. Teach critical thinking and close reading strategies through common core. Grade level lead for two years. Meet with the RCD team and write the math units. Tutor after school for two years. Lead GATE students to writing our school newspaper. Apply the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.Conduct small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.Observe students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.Encourage students to be understanding of and helpful to others.Supply one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.Physically and verbally interact with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.Communicate effectively with educators from various grade levels.Support students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.Write daily and weekly lesson plans.Implement programs to encourage student participation. Communicate with parents on a weekly basis of student progress. Assess students monthly on STAR Reading and STAR Math. Give weekly comprehension assessments, both oral and written. Incorporate technology in the classroom, ie iPads. I'm proficient at always looking for ways to grow as a person and educator, great organizational skills, and eager to learn.]
22408666, [I got my bachelor of arts   child   adolescent   and family studies   sociology city   state   us california state university bakersfield   ca               bachelor of arts in child   adolescent   and family studies minor in sociology in sociology from . As a Outreach Liasion, I worked from January 2009 to January 2011. And my major duty is Attends various community meetings in order to disseminate information pertaining to school's specially funded programs in general and parent involvement in particular.. Assists staff in reducing poor attendance working with Probation Department, Deputy District Attorney. Refers students and Families to Student Attendance Review Board. Refer students and families in need to community programs for needed resources. Ensure school meets and maintains attendance goals to meet grant requirements. Translate documents and meeting as needed. Assisted teachers, specialists, counselors and other staff in reinforcing instructional program and guiding students in development of desirable academic and social skills and habits. Worked with small groups of children under the direction of certificated staff. Assisted with checking, care, preparation and arrangement of instructional materials and students' work. Assisted with yard duty, first aid and home contacts. Assisted with recordkeeping, filing, and other clerical duties as needed I'm proficient at mathematics, writing test, and coaching.]
13087952, [I got my b   s   biology in biology from carolinas college of health sciences. As a Medical Technologist, I worked from 02/2001 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Analyze blood and body fluids for hematology, chemistry, coagulation, immunology, and urinalysis using mainly Beckman equipment including the LX.. Manual and automated hematology, including cell differentiation of peripheral smears as well as exudates.. Daily, weekly, and monthly maintenance of all machinery.. Plate microbiology specimens on appropriate media, rapid test for strep, influenza, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and mononucleosis.. A, B, O typing and antibody identification, sickle cell determination, antigen typing, cross matching. I'm proficient at national board certified, classroom discipline, and positive learning environment.]
15850434, [I got my bachelors degree in elementary education from covenant bible college. As a Paraeducator, I worked from 08/2009 to 08/2012. And my major duty is In 2009 I was hired by the Olympia School District to aid students with Autism in the self-contained Autism program.. I served this class for two years and then was transferred to work supporting special education teachers in the high school special education setting.. My duties included 1on1 student specific roles such as: Toileting; academic support; transition support; life skills; and daily routine support.. My high school paraeducator duties included: teacher support, making copies; assisting students; leading small group lessons; and aiding the EBD class. I'm proficient at support, purposeful lesson planning, and communicating effectively with clients.]
28772892, [I got my b   s   human resource management in human resource management from our lady of holy cross college. As a General Education Teacher, I worked from 01/2003 to 01/2004. And my major duty is Taught in an isolated, minority, urban community and delivered instructional activities that encouraged.. active learning experiences while effectively managing behavior and classroom organization. I'm proficient at leadership, rehabilitation services, and vi.]
33704389, [I got my bachelor of arts   history music education in history from louisiana tech university. As a Teacher, I worked from May 2008 to September 2008. And my major duty is Coordinated communications between students and school administration to create an effective and culturally-sensitive learning environment.. Developed and taught a curriculum to improve students' conversational abilities.. Improved instruction methods by using a variety of assessment tools and strategies. I'm proficient at delivery, math, and instruction.]
16210888, [I got my master of education   educational leadership and policy analysis in educational leadership and policy analysis from university of missouri. As a Teacher, And my major duty is Served as district grade level chair; supported and coached teaching professionals in areas of curriculum, research-based practice, and assessment.. Selected for "Leadership Academy"; a statewide training program for emerging teacher leaders through the Regional Professional Development Centers.. Collaborated extensively with district level administrators and colleagues to develop, align, and revise curriculum through Curriculum Coordinating Council and Vertical Alignment teams.. Invited to score Missouri Assessment Program (MAP) assessments in the areas of Communication Arts and Mathematics. I'm proficient at leadership, reading, and leadership training.]
38750659, [I got my  in business management from excelsior college. As a Human Resource Specialist, I worked from January 1991 to September 2000. And my major duty is Invited 20 motivational speakers and industry experts to give lectures and speeches to employees on new industry standards and how to build confidence and morale in the workplace.. Updated 100+ employee records and job assignment daily.. Conducted several seminars  for insurance employees to update them on employee benefit options.. Arbitrate labor dispute in collaboration with the legal department. I'm proficient at microsoft words, benefits, and sales training.]
90363254, [I got my master of arts   education   curriculum instruction in interdisciplinary arts   performance   visual arts from glendale community college. As a Visual Arts Instructor, I worked from September 2005 to September 2009. And my major duty is Solved problems by designing non-existent curriculum for required college courses in the Fine Arts department.. Designed and developed effective curriculum and instruction for on campus Perspective Drawing Course and Digital Painting Course by analyzing course competencies and student needs to ensure optimal student learning.. Successfully met course objectives by facilitating courses using my curriculum for multi presentation graphic design program and assessing student progress consistently for four semesters.. Addressed all learning styles and adult learning theories to develop lesson plans for art courses using current software programs, art methods, and other tools.. Successfully managed and evaluated curriculum using portfolio assessment of 40 students. Consistently met with students individually to address student concerns thereby resolving any issues in a timely manner.. Responded promptly to student inquiry and graded assignments.. Entered data regularly into the Learning Management System to meet grade report deadlines.. Created effective rubrics for students for metacognition purposes as well as assessment of assignments.. Increased student motivation by actualizing critical thinking strategies in weekly lessons.. Initiated use of various software and media tools to address all learning styles. I'm proficient at research, critical thinking, and course development.]
66906212, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in political science from bachelor of arts   criminal justice. As a Manager/Buyer/Special Events Coordinator, I worked from November 2009 to Current. And my major duty is Responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the store, as well as the employees.. Responsible for hiring and training all of employees.. Worked with various reps and companies organizing and acquiring sponsors for events.. Balanced the budgets and maintained the product within the store.. Responsible for creating employee handbook and simple procedures for the staff to follow.. Planned events and worked with partners to develop new marketing strategies.. Created yearly event that fundraised for local educational non-profit organizations. I'm proficient at great organizational skills, esol endorsed, and enthusiastic people person.]
34745915, [I got my bachelor of arts in anthropology from longwood university. As a Barista, I worked from 07/2007 to now.And my major duty is Accepted payment from customers and made change as necessary.. Apportioned and served food to facility residents, employees, or patrons.. Assisted diners with seating as needed.. Cleaned and maintained the beverage area, display cases, equipment, and order transaction area.. Cleaned bars, work areas, and tables.. Cleaned up spilled food, drink and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash. I'm proficient at active listener, organizational skills, and customer service.]
34689720, [I got my bs   music education in music education from sterling college. As a Quality Control Compliance and Asst Corporate Trainer, And my major duty is I answered all Presidential Complaints, forwarded complaints to President, was part of the Presidents Council and traveled to Cherry Hill, NJ  twice monthly to meet with corporate to make sure we were compliant with other GE Customer Service based companies.. Assisted in Corporate Training of Customer Service Representatives.. Managed 14 phone reps.. Used phone monitors to monitor service provided by my team of 14 phone representatives.. Provided feedback and used motivational strategies to improve customer service. I'm proficient at member ge capital president s council, corporate trainer, and quality control and customer service management motivational strategist.]
48547319, [I got my  in early childhood education from maysville community technical college. As a Preschool teacher, I worked from October 2010 to March 2012. And my major duty is making lesson plans, implementing lesson plans, anecdotes, caring for children and their safety and tracking sheet.Disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior.Created an infant area, toddler area and preschool area of play within the daycare.Carefully monitored children's play activities.Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child's activities.Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression.Maintained daily records of activities, behaviors, meals and naps.Carefully identified warning signs of emotional and developmental problems in children.Routinely picked children up from school and activities.Created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum. I'm proficient at orgnization skills, cpr certified, and communication skills.]
19464810, [I got my bachelor of science   elementary education in elementary education from university of louisiana at lafayette. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from 08/2003 to 03/2004. And my major duty is Possess strong multitasking abilities and organizational skills to accomplish tasks in a busy environment.. Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.. Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 150 calls in queue per minute.. Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.. Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.. Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.. Met or exceeded service and quality standards every review period. I'm proficient at advanced clerical knowledge, teaching tutoring, and works well under pressure.]
28086303, [I got my master of science   special education in special education from college of staten island. As a Teacher, And my major duty is 2nd, 4th(Science), 5th(Science, Math and ELA), 6th(Math), 7th(Math and ELA), 8th (Math) Implemented and taught lessons based on the Common Core State Standards in ELA, Math, Social Studies, and Science.. Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.. Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.. Used the positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.. Provided one on one assistance to those students who needed extra support.. Worked with fellow employees on lesson strategies, fund raisers, and school assemblies.. Employed effective reading lessons using the five pillars of reading: vocabulary, comprehension, phonemic awareness, fluency, and phonics.. Implemented effective classroom management strategies.. Provided small group instruction to individuals who need extra support.. Successful at keeping communication with parents/guardians, by keeping a friendly manner, and being open to any questions or concerns.. Improved students' reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.. Worked with fellow teachers to discuss lesson strategies that would most benefit students.. Reflected on teaching practice to improve teaching techniques and continue to become a better educator.. Accepted coaching from fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback.. Used children's literature to teach and reinforce reading, writing, grammar and phonics.. Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.. Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.. Served on various committees and projects including Veteran's Day, Thanksgiving Food Drive, and Volleyball Club. I'm proficient at math, organizational development, and coaching.]
13855004, [I got my psychology psychology in psychology psychology from southern connecticut state university. As a Special Education Tutor, I worked from September 2007 to June 2008. And my major duty is Modify math curriculum and created worksheets for a sixth grade student in accordance with IEP objectives Create accommodated quizzes, tests, lesson and study guides for sixth grade Social Studies curriculum Provide small group instruction for core content subjects in K-6 general education classrooms Provide assistance to general education teacher using the Inclusion Model for instruction Assess Kindergarten students using Shelton Public Schools Assessment Administer the Brigance Inventory of Basic Skills to special education students Administer CMT's to special education students Provide accommodations during sixth grade Writer's Workshop for a group of six students Planned and implemented an introduction to the 6th grade Science Embedded Task utilizing the Scientific Method Create visual supports using technology to enhance and to differentiate instruction Observe and assist with Everyday Mathematics, Wilson Reading, Houghton Mifflin, Scott Foresman Social Studies lesson, CMT Prep, and Literature Circles. I'm proficient at book, speaking, and learning google chrome applications.]
35421497, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology from brooklyn college city. As a Dentist Office Manager, I worked from 07/2002 to now.And my major duty is Led a team of 10 employees and was responsible for administering staff training and delegating duties for the practice.. Promoted twice in my tenure.. Managed difficult or emotional patient situations and responded promptly to patient needs in pain and emergencies.. Educated patients about proper oral hygiene and prevention of dental diseases.. Accurately collected and recorded patient medical and dental histories.. Provided appropriate treatment plans and postoperative instructions to the patients as prescribed by dentist.. Managed collections, claims and appeals with insurance companies.. Worked closely with insurance companies to ensure pre-approvals, prior authorizations and that patient's visits were properly documented and paid.. Maintained proper graphical and perio charting for the hygienist.. Scheduled and maintained a calendar of appointments, meetings, and travel itineraries.. Established and maintained excellent working relationships with patients and employees to this day. I'm proficient at dependable and detail orientated, comfort and build self esteem, and able to inspire.]
69005326, [I got my high school in nurse aide from strawberry mansion high school. As a HOUSEKEEPER, I worked from 01/2012 to 12/2014. And my major duty is Operates various mechanized cleaning equipment, such as vacuums, polishers, buffers, etc.Maintain facility in a sanitary and infection-free condition through washing, cleaning and replacement of equipment and furnishings.. Requires working in damp, dusty and dirty areas.. Must clean up human waste and other body fluids, as required.. Responsible for disposal of trash, waste, and other disposable materials.Must handle various cleaning solvents, chemicals, etc.. Must comply with all regulations such asOSHA, EPA,State Health Department, etc.Plan work schedule for major tasks.Damp dust furniture, light fixtures, window sills, etc.Empty trash containers daily.. Wet mop floors in all residents' rooms and bathrooms daily.. Damp mop all corridor floors, lobby, dining areas,and others daily.. Clean wash basins, mirrors, commodes, tubs, and showers daily.. Check all vacant rooms daily to keep fresh.. Clean all air vents.. Report any needed repairs immediately to supervisor (such as leaky faucets or toilets, loose tile, broken window panes, missing nuts or screws, beds needing repair, etc.).. Wash windows as scheduled..Check entire area for spills, water, etc.. periodically, especially in residents' bathrooms.Use safety precautions in all housekeeping services. I'm proficient at willing to stretch existing working hours to accommodate work, understands medical procedures, and good time management skills.]
18001081, [I got my master of arts   education city   state   usa education worked as a graduate assistant in the education and counseling department at the university   worked with adult students working to gain their ged   the university of texas      bachelor of arts   psychology government early childhood development and child psychology in psychology from psychology government early childhood development and child psychology. As a 4th Grade Teacher, I worked from September 2006 to August 2008. And my major duty is Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress.. Implemented a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations.. Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.. Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.. Set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility.Identified early signs of emotional, developmental and health problems in students and followed up with parents.. Tutored children individually and in small groups to help them with difficult subjects.. Taught after-school and summer enrichment programs.. Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic performance.. Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.. Mentored and counseled students with adjustment and academic problems.. Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement.. Contributed ideas at weekly staff meetings each month.. Employed a broad range of instructional techniques to retain student interest and maximize learning.. Implemented remedial programs for students requiring extra assistance.. Took appropriate disciplinary measures when students misbehaved.. Improved students' reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.. Created lesson plans in accordance with state curriculum and school-wide curriculum standards.. Accepted coaching from fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback.. Worked outside normal hours to be available to answer parent and student questions.. Used children's literature to teach and reinforce reading, writing, grammar and phonics.. Enhanced reading skills through the use of children's literature, reader's theater and story time.. Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.. Taughtstudents to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.. Taught students in various stages of cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional development.. Strengthened parent-teacher and parent-child communication by holding regular parent-teacher conferences.. Encouraged students to explore issues in their lives and in the world around them.. Employed a wide variety of fiction and non-fiction textual materials to encourage students to read independently.. Encouraged parents to take an active role in their child's education. I'm proficient at records of progress, small group guided reading instruction, and classroom management.]
14958913, [I got my b   s   chemistry in chemistry from california state university. As a COASTLINE REGIONAL OCCUPATIONAL PROGRAM-NURSING,  I'm proficient at biology, fundraising, and urology.]
13296856, [I got my  in political communications from emerson college. As a Program Manager, I worked from Dec 2007 to Aug 2010. And my major duty is Created pilot mentoring program for six urban schools funded by the Department of Education. Created job shadows and internships with local businesses. Gathered and analyzed data on community needs and interests. Solicited contributions and participation from local businesses to promote and improve community events and activities. Collaborated with community leaders, organizations and public agencies to promote the organization's community service programs. Monitored program budgets and costs to verify expenses were within budget parameters. Presented program developments to the community, city council and city manager. Collected and entered statistical data into databases I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, conference organization, and training.]
63391085, [I got my master of science   education in behavioral science from bluefield college city. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 09/1993 to now.And my major duty is Provided administrative support to the Assistant Dean, School of Technology.. Processed time sheets for thirty-five work study and graduate students.. Interpreted departmental criteria for scholarships and grants offered via School of Technology and disbursed accordingly after verification using the AIS (Administrative Information System) and SIS (Student Information System).. Organized and schedule summer interns. I'm proficient at excellent communication, lesson plan, and microsoft word.]
23939133, [I got my bachelor of arts in english language from university of jos city. As a Program worker, I worked from 06/2002 to now.And my major duty is Assist the program director in supervising and instructing youths at the  program.. Ensure that health information are up to date.. Maintain proper control in a suitable and safe environment in assigned areas.. Participates in staff development and trainings.. Maintain records and document services in a timely manner.. Enter service data into management information system.. Participate in the local and statewide evaluation, and ensure compliance  with the state policies.. Attend family support team meetings, staff meetings, staff trainings, collaborations, and planning meetings.. Prepare periodic progress reports (weekly, monthly as required. I'm proficient at supervising, child care, and program evaluation.]
96547039, [I got my  in  from seattle central community college. As a Lead Volunteer, And my major duty is Volunteer of the Month.. Assist various ministries as needed.. AM33 leader and weekly phone caller. I'm proficient at delivery, problem solver, and creative thinking.]
22807104, [I got my associates in nursing from wilson technical community college. As a Cashier, I worked from July 2014 to Current. And my major duty is Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.. Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner.. Promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team.. Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns.. Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner.. Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.. Resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.. Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables.. Cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers.. Packaged menu items into bags or trays and placed drink orders into carriers.. Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.. Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items.. Prepared and served beverages such as coffee, tea and fountain drinks.. Properly portioned and packaged take-out foods for customers.. Quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change.. Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking.. Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas.. Closely followed standard procedures for safe food preparation, assembly and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction.. Frequently washed and sanitized hands, food areas and food preparation tools.. Performed general maintenance duties, including mopping floors, washing dishes, wiping counter tops and emptying grease traps.. Cleaned food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.. Maintained a neat, well-groomed appearance including impeccable personal hygiene, hair restraint and minimal jewelry that met company standards.. Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.. Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching from the management team.. Took initiative to find extra tasks when scheduled duties were completed.. Quickly unloaded product shipments and stocked freezers.. Prepared items according to written or verbal orders, working on several different orders simultaneously.. Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.. Cleaned and straightened work area.. Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.. Organized register supplies.. Worked with customer service to resolve issues.. Weighed food to determine correct pricing.. Operated cash register with proficiency.. Maintained gift certificate documentation.. Provided professional and courteous service at all times. I'm proficient at cooking, inventory management, and closing.]
23628651, [I got my m   d   educational leadership in marketing from university of texas. As a Sales and Marketing/PR Manager, I worked from Mar 1999 to Sep 2002. And my major duty is Responsible for assisting director of sales in expanding the corporate market during 2000.. Promoted to corporate sales manager within five months.. Revived a relationship with Border Patrol government account which produced an additional 44,000 revenue in August of 2000.. Promoted to groups sales manager in February of 2001 to develop an under-producing non-corporate market.. Analyzed, reinvented, and executed a new marketing plan for the Mexican National market, which resulted in $35,000 revenue in weekend business from Mexico during 2001.. Met and exceeded sales goals for 2001 in future business for 2002 and booked over $295,000 in future business for 2003.. Major role player in the increasing of market share by 11% over previous year, moving from #5 of 8 to #1 of 8 in competitive set.. Increased RevPAR by 10.7% over previous year, moving from 5 of 8 to #3 of 8 in competitive set.. Averaged an annual 107% market penetration in 2001.. Launched advertising campaign to include direct mail, marketing packages for website, and radio spots to promote hotel in Chihuahua and El Paso.. Performed quarterly visits to maintain public relations with key players in the Mexican National Conventions and Visitors Bureau in Chihuahua, Mexico.. Joined "Viva El Paso", Southwest Airlines, and local radio stations to plan and deliver an annual event that marketed El Paso as a destination site within Texas and Arizona. I'm proficient at sales manager, reading, and government.]
29486525, [I got my bachelor of science   chemistry in chemistry from university of montevallo. As a Mathematics Teacher, I worked from September 2014 to December 2014. And my major duty is Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.. Managed classrooms of 10 to 22 high school students.. Adapted teaching methods and materials to meet students' varying needs.. Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.. Taught students to utilize problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.. Created lesson plans in line with state curriculum and school curriculum standards.. Created an interactive classroom atmosphere to maintain student interest and facilitate learning.. Graded student work and kept careful records of grades.. Maintained accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies and administrative regulations.. Developed, administered and graded tests in order to evaluate students' progress.. Pursued professional development activities to broaden and deepen knowledge of content and teaching skills.. Acted as a positive role model for students and colleagues. I'm proficient at content, policies, and progress.]
22510753, [I got my b   a   sociology in sociology from university of maryland eastern shore. As a Office Automation Clerk, I worked from 01/2006 to now.And my major duty is Type, format, proofread, and edit correspondence and other documents, from notes or dictating machines, using computers or typewriters.. Prepare meeting agendas, attend meetings, and record and transcribe minutes.. Answer telephones, switch board, direct calls, and take messages.. Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers. I'm proficient at typewriters, telephones, and photocopiers.]
21773106, [I got my master of science   counseling        lindenwood university   city   state   u   s   gpa   dean   s list bachelor of science   education in education from mckendree college. As a Supervisor for Outdoor Living Department, I worked from February 1998 to August 2000. And my major duty is Supervised staff of 7 sales associates in the outdoor living department of Scott AFB Main Exchange department.. Responsible for scheduling staff, Giving appraisal reviews, ordering product, phasing out unsuccessful product, reporting to management.  Inventory.. Pulled and stacked pallets using order pickers, forklifts, reach trucks.  Unloaded trucks of pallets of pavestones, rock, outdoor equipment. I'm proficient at leadership, implementing, and speaking.]
34465087, [I got my associate of arts   business in business from jones international university. As a Office Manager/Teacher, I worked from 08/1995 to now.And my major duty is Managed team of [number] of professionals.Managed team of 20 professionals. Reduced and controlled expenses by implementing the Quick books program on the office computers.Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12%.Managed all company customer engagement campaigns.Increased conversion rates by 50% through various contests and promotions. Increased sales by 50% by launching the U TRI GOD marketing campaign.Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.Managed the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.Created an , toddler area and preschool area of play within the school.Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child's activities.Maintained daily records of activities, behaviors,and  meals.Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos.Created and implemented a developmentally appropriate curriculum.Upheld all CPR and Illinois regulated certifications.Offered stimulating curriculum that accommodated all learning styles.Mailed parents quarterly educational assessments to show progression.Completed daily paperwork for agencies such as Child Protection Services and Resource and Referral Centers.Sparked creativity and imagination by helping children discover new things each day.Identified early signs of emotional and developmental problems in children and brought them to the parents' attention.Made policy decisions in conjunction with daycare board.Sustained ideal staff-to-student ratio in center licensed for 50 children aged 2-14.Controlled administrative, operational, financial and logistical areas of facility.Familiarized parents with centers policies, regulations, fees and curriculum.Participated in home visits, parent meetings and developmental screenings.Screened 300 children for enrollment over a period of 10 years.Communicated with children's parents and guardians about daily activities, behaviors and problems.Mediated talks between parents and teachers regarding disciplinary concerns.Made house calls and held one-on-one progress report sessions with parents after working hours.Maintained developmentally appropriate environment.Encouraged early literacy through read-aloud time and alphabet games.Supported children's emotional and social development by adapting communication tactics for differing client needs.Billed and managed 100 client accounts a year.Planned weekly menus for 50 children following nutritional and allergen guidelines.Built stable, consistent and positive environment for 2-14 year old children.Increased new enrollment and return enrollment by 20.Planned and implemented educational programs for 50 children.Managed operations of a 9000-square-foot childcare center licensed for 100 children.Trained 25 of U TRI GOD employees. I'm proficient at cash handlingprofessional and friendlycareful and active listenermulti tasking.]
24791126, [I got my master en science menthion microbiology in science   microbiologia      universidad austral de chile city   state   chile master en science menthion microbiology from universidad austral de chile. As a Teacher, I worked from 01/2010 to now.And my major duty is Teacher. Department of Microbiology. Science Faculty. Pontificia Universidad Javeriana. 2010-2015. Bogotá, Colombia (currently).. Teacher. Self Record qualified support and accreditation purposes of Industrial Microbiology and program monitoring industrial practices. UDES University of Santander, Bucaramanga, Colombia January to July 2010.. Teaching - Head of Microbiology Laboratory. Department of Biology. Faculty of Science and Engineering. University of Boyacá. Tunja, Colombia. First half of 2009.. Food service intervening in the XX Central American and Caribbean Games in Cartagena, Colombia. June and July 2006.. Teacher. Department of Microbiology. School of Basic Sciences. University of Pamplona, Colombia. First half of 200o-2006. Director Department of Microbiology with emphasis on food. School of Basic Sciences. Pamplona University, Pamplona. Academic first and second half of 2005; and Teacher. Department of Microbiology with emphasis on food. School of Basic Sciences. University of Pamplona, Colombia. Academic first and second half of 2005. I'm proficient at producci n, bpm, and programaci n.]
15899269, [I got my master of science   forensic psychology legal systems southeastern university   city   state forensic psychology legal systems master of social work clinical in progress in psychology from psychology. As a Social Work Intern, And my major duty is Under supervision, coordinate, assess, and evaluate patients specific needs to facilitate discharge planning.. Under supervision, provide community referrals to agencies and resources to ensure continuity of care.. Under supervision, prepare case records including nature of problems, patient and family needs, final disposition of patient and referrals/services arranged for each patient. I'm proficient at lesson plans, discharge planning, and evaluate patients.]
37402097, [I got my clinical medical assistant in anatomy   physiology from holy cross high school. As a Medical Assistant, And my major duty is externship Measured & Recorded Vitals, Performed range-of-motion exercises, Administered ultra-sound exams, prepared examination rooms, and provided excellent patient care. I'm proficient at medical terminology, front office, and ultra sound.]
36206485, [I got my bachelor of science in reading      delta state university city   state english social studies from delta state university. As a Teacher- Intern, I worked from 08/2006 to now.And my major duty is Researched county curriculum guidelines to develop and implement long-term unit plans, daily assignments, and worksheets on art and literature for seventh grade inclusion classes.. Collaborated with special education teachers to tailor instruction to accommodate all learning styles in the classroom Evaluated the performance, behavior, and social development of students Utilized various media topresent lessons including PowerPoint presentation, visual art, document camera, and Comic Life Promoted student achievement daily and by implementing Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports (PBIS) Participated in weekly team meetings to discuss behavioral and academic interventions of seventh graders Initiated and maintained contact with parents to discuss student success and interventions. I'm proficient at materials, powerpoint, and interpersonal skills.]
36569713, [I got my masters in education   education in education from government college of education. As a teacher, I worked from January 1986 to January 1989. And my major duty is Skills Proficiency in Microsoft Office Capable of integrating these programs with the coursework taught Sound decision maker Giving recommendations and opinions to school management upon their requests Discipline students Setting basic class rules by encouraging student feedback Patience Encouraging students to express their discomforts and catering to them in timely manner Giving personalized attention to students Time management Breaking up grading material in small groups in order to evaluate them timely Structuring tasks based on priorities Proficiency in mathematics and science More than 20 years of teaching experience in Mathematics and Science Purposeful lesson planning Making flexible lesson plans based on promoting students' critical and analytic capabilities Self-motivated Fast learner Learned various mathematics software's such as 'graph master' in a relatively short period. I'm proficient at self motivated, sound, and lesson planning.]
28013287, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from schreiner university. As a Accounts Recievable, I worked from 06/2012 to 06/2014. And my major duty is Customer Service, computer Data entry, making and receiving collection calls from clients.  Completing reports daily. Completing set goal of monies brought in to company on a daily,weekly, and monthly basis. I'm proficient at math, microsoft works internet research, and accounts receivable.]
29267293, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology from university of texas pan american city. As a Teacher, And my major duty is Valley View ISD. Kindergarten: Developed and implemented lessons for a LEP  population of students in an under developed area.. Implemented modifications for autistic students. I'm proficient at leadership, native spanish speaker, and goal setting and implementation.]
45286020, [I got my master of arts in math education city   state   philippines usa math education from philippine normal university. As a HIGH SCHOOL MATH EDUCATOR, I worked from June 1995 to March 1996. And my major duty is Subject/s Taught: Algebra 1 Level:	1st year. Responsibilities: complied with the school rules, regulations, practices and procedures; fulfilled the number of hours of actual teaching; did the academic counseling for those students who were in need; attended meetings, committee work, substitutions and other academic functions; acted as second parent to my advisees by giving close supervision regarding their academic and personal difficulties; attended the quarterly parent-teacher conference; made lesson plans, tests with table of specifications, syllabus, visual aids, etc. I'm proficient at average computer literate, can apply cpr, and can apply varied teaching skills.]
13330982, [I got my master of education in earth science from brooklyn college. As a Youth Care Worker/Recreation Director, I worked from 01/1994 to 01/1996. And my major duty is Facilitated and planned all recreational activities: including calisthenics, basketball games, pool tournaments, and trips away from facility.. Taught social skills to youth incarcerated for non-violent crimes in anticipation of release back into society, implemented treatment plans set by qualified therapists.. Worked closely with the youth to implement Boy's Town's Behavior Modification program. I'm proficient at critical thinking, urban classroom setting, and community involvement.]
22551979, [I got my bachelor of arts in education   pyschology from university of maine. As a Teacher, I worked from 07/2007 to now.And my major duty is Same as above teaching experience. I'm proficient at strong interpersonal skills, time management, and dedicated team player.]
29639533, [I got my master of education in social science from marygrove college. As a Teacher, I worked from January 1996 to January 1998. And my major duty is Instructed eighth grade students in the Science and technology.. Created the "Think First" Michigan M.E.A.P.. Review Course, leading to an increase of 20% in passing scores.. Developed the "My Pops" father figure mentoring program, resulting in a 40% increase of parental participation in volunteer activities during the 1997-1998 school year. I'm proficient at dedicated, team player and effective collaborator, and hard working.]
49285644, [I got my bachelor of arts   marketing communications in marketing communications from the college of saint scholastica. As a Hydrogel Sales Support and Technical Service Representative, I worked from Oct 1998 to Oct 2000. And my major duty is Assisted in project justification planning for modified or new product launches.. Executed the Hydrogel Marketing Communications Plan.. Initiated improvements to existing print ads and marketing literature.. Provided optimum sales and customer service, maintained and enhanced existing business.. Demonstrated excellent written and verbal communication skills. I'm proficient at powerpoint, infinite campus, and outlook.]
16270906, [I got my bachelors of arts   business administration in business administration from concordia university. As a Accounting Clerk, I worked from July 2002 to October 2005. And my major duty is Assigned to the Accounts Receivable area to assist in creating invoices and statements, as well as monitoring account balances.. Prepared cash balance reports and ensured that bank deposits were accurately recorded.. Assisted with Accounts Payable processes such as purchase order requests, and the payment process of incoming invoices.. Monitored departmental budget utilizing balance spreadsheets that itemized expenditures, income, and estimation for future projects. Accomplishments. Developed knowledge in both areas of Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.. Saved the department money despite the short-handed status in staff and budget fall for over a year with assisting in both Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable. I'm proficient at financial report, finance, and and accounting.]
27531694, [I got my bachelor of science   social relations        cheyney university of pennsylvania city   state bs in social relations in social relations from st   joseph   s university city   state masters in human resource management bachelor of science   social relations        cheyney university of pennsylvania. As a Head Teacher, I worked from 11/1994 to now.And my major duty is Caring for 12-18 month old infants while planning and implementing learning activities on day-to-day basis. I'm proficient at aol, business works, and forms.]
74816727, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from metropolitan community college. As a Shift Manager, I worked from March 2010 to August 2011. And my major duty is Assisted the Location and Assistant Manager with recruiting, interviewing, hiring, and training new employees.. Guaranteed that customers received 100% satisfaction and resolved customer concerns.. I ensured that employees were performing store operations effectively and that marketing plans, promotional programs, and visual merchandising were properly executed.. Assisted Location and Assistant Manager with evaluating employees. I'm proficient at tutoring, communication, and managing.]
23398843, [I got my associate of applied science   early childhood education in early childhood education from st augustine college. As a Teacher Aid, I worked from 07/2003 to 03/2005. And my major duty is Advanced administrative support to top class room.. executive in fast-paced training staff daycare.. Consultants for special holiday project,.. activities, music, art, langue arts.. Encouraged good behaviors using the positive reinforcement method.. Established a safe play environment for the children.. Organized and engaged in recreational activities such as games and puzzles.. Communicated openly with children's parents about daily activities and behaviors.. Meticulously sanitized toys and play equipment.. Encouraged children to be understanding of and patient with others.. Made nutritious breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks for the children.. Allowed for ample outdoor recreation time. I'm proficient at webs ex facebook, streamline, and able to lift.]
31552617, [I got my master of science   instructional leadership in social studies from robert morris university. As a Appraisal Coordinator, And my major duty is Manage process of national real estate appraisals.. Facilitate communication between appraisers, lenders, buyers, and sellers.. Maintain records of all actions taken from incoming orders through to acceptance of appraisal documents and loan closing.. Troubleshoot the process via phone contact and email. ]
19556300, [I got my advertising design in advertising design from cazenovia college. As a Secretary III, And my major duty is Answered phones.. Directed parents and visitors to school.. Any duty issued by the principal. I'm proficient at reading, materials, and teacher.]
66683238, [I got my bachelor of science in multidisciplinary studies from bachelor of science. As a Liability Specialist, I worked from 08/1998 to now.And my major duty is Conducted initial investigation of auto claim and diligently analyzed damage repair costs.. Maintained extensive contact with law enforcement and customers; participated in arbitration. I'm proficient at insurance, materials, and teaching.]
17311685, [I got my m   a   teacher leadership in early childhood education from . As a Third Grade Teacher, And my major duty is Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles.. Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to each parent.. Local School Council Teacher Representative I'm proficient at ms word powerpoint excel, powerpoint, and technology integration.]
17481570, [I got my master of arts in history concentration   secondary education from . As a Severe Special Education Paraprofessional, And my major duty is Worked cooperatively with teachers to modify curricula for special education students according to Individual Education Plans.. Supported and modified curriculum in the general education setting, in order to best meet the needs of the student.. Worked 1:1 with severe disabilities.. Provided 1:1 support, as a job coach in an alternative setting.. Assisted the severe special education in explicitly teaching life skills to a group of 7 students. ]
22884757, [I got my bachelor of arts   social work in social work from university of maryland. As a Counselor, And my major duty is Provided and maintained the highest standard of community based rehabilitation services within a team of direct service staff.. Supported psychiatric rehabilitation and case management services to clients with mental illness.. Interacted with clients on a daily basis, assisted with basic living skills, group activities, and outings.. I'm proficient at problem resolution, powerpoint, and ms office word.]
58708773, [I got my associate of applied science   business management in business management from lincoln college of technology city. As a Quality Assurance Technician/ forklift driver, I worked from 06/2003 to 06/2006. And my major duty is Performed proportions and weight tests.. Printed and checked labels.. Checked chlorine and metal detection of each line.. Checked in products and conducted temperature verifications for each product.. Bailed boxes, loaded tied bails into trucks, unloaded products and any box trucks, arranged products from oldest to newest, and printed labels to tag each product as they came in.. Worked closely with drivers and product teams to ensure quality. I'm proficient at rapport, natural, and computer literate.]
10527994, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration management from eastern oregon university. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Enthusiastically conversed with customers about purchase needs and available products.. Inquired about buying experience, item preferences and future purchases.. Tracked inventory and prepared for promotions by setting up displays, adding signage, and retagging merchandise.. Recommended appropriate items and direct or lead customers to selections. I'm proficient at powerpoint, plumbing, and quickbooks.]
69532425, [I got my bachelor of science in middle grades education from caldwell community college and technical institute. As a Clothing Specialist/Cashier, I worked from 07/2013 to 08/2014. And my major duty is Provided customer service. Maintained a tidy workspace. Ensured correct currency in the tills upon closing of the store. Stocked, blocked, and set up shelves/displays I'm proficient at critical thinking, patience, and creativity.]
20399718, [I got my master of science degree   special education preschool handicapped children hampton university city   state special education preschool handicapped children master of science degree   education education in education education from hampton university city. As a Speech Therapist, I worked from 01/1991 to now.And my major duty is Developed and implemented individualized speech therapy plans; coordinated treatment sessions, oversaw communication progression, and adjusted plans as necessary to achieve optimal results.. Maintained accurate and detailed records of students and performed evaluations.. Worked closely with classroom teachers and administrators to communicate key requirements and create instructional plans; maintained confidentiality in highly sensitive matters.. Collaborated with student's service providers and generated community referrals.. Sourced and selected appropriate technologies and materials to meet the requirements of students; maintained contact with parents to ensure proper integrations of devices in the daily lives of children. I'm proficient at technical support, instruction, and english.]
19302310, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from university of west florida. As a Mental Health Counselor, And my major duty is Processed extensive evaluation of patients and their individual needs.. Conducted individual and group counseling with patients experiencing personal, social, behavioral, or family problems.. Led in-group discussions.. Planned and led workshops on educational topics, i.e.: drug and alcohol prevention, anger management, family concerns, dispute resolution, and behavior/motivation concerns.. Provided encouragement both personally and professionally.. Followed state-mandated reporting and referral procedures for patients contemplating suicide.. Participated regularly in family conferences and consulted with family, schools, hospital administrators regarding patient progress.. Familiarized self with all NH state laws and regulations. I'm proficient at microsoft office products, child care, and teaching.]
51209395, [I got my associate of applied science in business management from chattahoochee technical college. As a Team Member, I worked from January 2001 to March 2003. And my major duty is Supervised and coordinated dining room activities and employee schedules.. Set-up and operated line for birthday parties. I'm proficient at staff motivator, employee hiring and retention, and commitment to quality and service.]
22632070, [I got my masters of arts   education administration in education administration from clarendon college. As a Resource and Self-contained Teacher, And my major duty is Taught in a gang-affiliated school, managing 3-4 gangs in a class setting.. Constantly adjusting to students entering and exiting my program.. Successfully improved student participation in the classroom by creating a safe and conducive to learning environment.. Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of  instructional techniques and technologies.. Planned, implemented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program that was consistent with Albuquerque School District regulations.. Developed and taught lessons on relevant children's social economics and themes to promote  student interest.. Met with parents to resolve conflicting educational priorities and issues.. Created an after-school sports program for an alternative to gang life. I'm proficient at math, materials, and interpersonal skills.]
22056333, [I got my early childhood professional certificate   recognized by state of florida as equivalent to national child development associate in literacy from fort myers institute of technology city. As a Supportive VPK Student Teacher, I worked from 01/2013 to now.And my major duty is Assist teacher in setting up learning centers, carry out activities with children.. Serve meals to children, family style.. Supervise children during playground area.. Summary of qualifications. I'm proficient at serve meals, preschool teacher, and publishing software skills.]
11336022, [I got my associates of science in liberal arts from medgar evers college city. As a Direct Support Professional, I worked from 09/2014 to now.And my major duty is check communication log for appointments and daily goals for service recipients.. Read Record and share observation with other members of the team.. Respect the rights of the service recipients and teach them to speak up for themselves.. Selected and compiled relevant information and resources for clients to support them in overcoming mental and emotional problems.. Supported residential clients in completing tasks such as toileting, brushing teeth and general hygiene.. Acted as a role model for clients by exhibiting positive behaviors. I'm proficient at book, staffing, and microsoft word.]
11616482, [I got my mba   business in business from university of nevada   city   state business bachelor of science   education social science emporia state university. As a Regional Sales Manager, I worked from Feb 2000 to Jan 2005. And my major duty is Led internal cross-functional and external teams to ensure franchise store growth and timely store openings and execution of foodservice agreements for regional business in California, Nevada and Arizona.. Established lodging and gaming as a viable business segment for Starbucks Coffee Company.. Accomplishments Leveraged corporate executive relationships to launch customized, franchise stores for high profile casinos and lodging business partners.. Expand customer and product base beyond franchised locations to eventually secure corporate distribution mandates resulting in excess $105 million in ongoing annual revenues for gaming and lodging segment.. Increase number of license stores along the Las Vegas strip from 1 to 51 high volume locations.. Presented comprehensive instructional seminars at regional and national meetings.. Topics included site selection, product placement from a branding perspective, building a business case to show ROI, contract compliance, and identifying new distribution opportunities.. Led internal cross-functional and external teams to ensure franchise store growth and timely store openings.. Established lodging and gaming as a viable business segment for Starbucks Coffee Company. I'm proficient at critical thinking, branding, and lesson planning.]
34033933, [I got my bachelor of applied science in healthcare administration from pensacola state college. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 01/2012 to 01/2013. And my major duty is Clothing retail chain store in the United States with over 560 stores across the country.. Managed merchandise inventory.. Bridged the gap between the designer and the consumer with first- rate knowledge of timely fashions.. Built conscientious and successful merchandising techniques.. Key Achievements: Received awards for outstanding customer service and for benevolent attitude towards fellow associates.. Lead store in sales as well as customer feedback. I'm proficient at listening, receiving, and merchandising.]
21531811, [I got my associate of arts in early childhood education from brookdale community college city. As a Site Aide, And my major duty is Responsible for assisting the Site Supervisor and/or Assistant Site Supervisor in.. planning, preparing, implementing, and supervising activities for the children. I'm proficient at supervising, critical thinking, and surveys.]
20626794, [I got my associate medical in associate medical   medical from college america city. As a Customer Service Inbond calls, And my major duty is Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.. ​ I'm proficient at excel experienced, microsoft, and wpm.]
58665241, [I got my ph   d   counseling psychology in counseling psychology from southern ct state university. As a English Teacher, I worked from Aug 1998 to Jun 2001. And my major duty is Presented all class material and policies accurately and clearly for 5 classes each marking period; Implemented new strategies for classroom management; Used a variety of teaching methods such as lectures, discussions and demonstrations/technology; Met with parent/guardians to discuss students' progress at least once per MP; Enforced both classroom and administration policies and rules at all times; Created after school writing program; Revised curricula for ELA content area;. ]
37660306, [I got my bachelor of arts   secondary education in secondary education from . As a High School Substitute Teacher, I worked from October 2012 to October 2015. And my major duty is Interacted with students Presented students with their assignment Assisted in helping with their assignment Responsible to the teacher for the completion of assignments Monitored student behavior Responsible for attendance of students Accomplishments Enjoyed interacting with the students.. Assisted students with their assignments Individualized both instruction and behavior of assigned students Incorporated subject matter with the present time that students would have a better understanding of the relevancy of the subject matter Listed on the Preferred Teacher's List for several schools Skills Used Utilized strict behavioral rules in order that the students could comprehend their assignment without unnecessary distraction Worked with students and suggested various approaches that students may complete their assignment Vigilant in knowing where students were at any given time Promptly arrived at assigned school Followed all rules and regulations as determined by Clark County School System. I'm proficient at pricing, advanced floral designer, and instruction.]
13583538, [I got my associate of science   computer information science in computer information science from northland community and technical college. As a Owner, receptionist, Sales, I worked from April 2001 to December 2003. And my major duty is Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Issued 8 paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis.. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation.. 3years of office experience.. Addressed negative customer feedback immediately.Kept records of room availability and guests' accounts, manually or using computers.. Kept records of room availability and guests' accounts, manually or using computers.. Monitored daily banking transactions.. Worked quickly and efficiently, with minimal oversight, to accomplish assigned duties.. Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.. Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.. Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments. .Demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.. Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers. I'm proficient at people skills, enthusiastic people person, and problem solving.]
20230207, [I got my masters degree   curriculum and instruction in art education from st   cloud state university. As a Enrichment & Pool Coordinator, And my major duty is Supervising the Pool, Lifeguards, Water Safety Instructors, and Swim Lessons. Planning and developing courses, programs and services for youth and adults. Participating in professional conferences, training programs, and continuing education as required.. Identifying local interests and needs for youth and adults. Recruiting instructors and evaluating courses. Instructing after-school enrichment courses for youth. I'm proficient at leadership, supervising, and hiring.]
28642819, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from college of staten island. As a Assistant Teacher, I worked from Jan 2001 to Jan 2003. And my major duty is Collaborated with classroom assistants and teachers in creating weekly classroom lesson plans on a bi-weekly basis.. Evaluated and tested students for appropriate class placement.. Reviewed daily progress notes before they were entered into the company's electronic system and edited them as needed.. Responsible for ordering, receiving and distributing office and classroom supplies. I'm proficient at handles details coordinates and completes tasks plans and arranges activities multi tasks writes clearly and concisely listens attentively openly expresses ideas provides and asks for feedback, and cooperates and works well with others, and bilingual speaking and reading fluently in english and spanish.]
16820422, [I got my bachelor of science   management and business in management and business from skidmore college. As a Student Assistant Coach, Men's Basketball, I worked from January 2011 to January 2012. And my major duty is Conducted comprehensive on and off campus recruiting; attended regional tournaments/camp Attended games and review film of opponent's games; develop scouting reports and recommendations Assisted in development of daily practice plans to enhance successful learning and performance outcomes Supervised student manager and practice players Instructed guard play, creating performance drills and individualized instruction * anaged exchange of game film for non­conference and conference opponents M * anaged academic progress of student­athletes, as assigned by head coach M * anaged outreach to constituents (parents, fans, coaches, alumni, etc.) M Assisted in coordination of team travel arrangements, housing, and meals for student­athletes Coordinated community service activities between the student­athletes and local community Coached three All­League players and one All­Rookie team player Conducted comprehensive on and off campus recruiting; attended regional tournaments/camps Attended and scouted opponent games and review film; developed scouting reports and recommendations Assisted in development of daily practice plans to enhance successful learning and performance outcomes * orked with post players, creating performance drills and individualized instruction W Helped lead Thoroughbreds to 16­10 record and Liberty League Tournament berth Attended and scouted opponent games and reviewed film; developed scouting reports and recommendations I'm proficient at liaison, associate, and coaching.]
29930479, [I got my masters of science   education   special education touro college   city   state   us masters of science in education   special education touro college   bayshore   new york june      bachelor of science   early childhood education in early childhood education from city college. As a Special Education Teacher, And my major duty is Assisted head teacher in planning Curriculum. Developed individualized lesson plans to meet Students with IEP goals. Maintained daily records regarding children's developmental progress I'm proficient at computer proficiency in microsoft word, excel, and and power point.]
25588694, [I got my master of science in sociology from nazareth college. As a Director of Harris Whalen recreation camp, I worked from 06/2002 to now.And my major duty is Directed a summer recreation camp with 2 assistant directors. and 3 staff members.. Supervised 60 children ages 5-14 from 9-4pm.. Planned theme days and daily activities for children 5-12 years old. Supervised and managed 5 staff members. Interacted with parents daily. Evaluated and trained staff. Supervised and organized field trips to various Rochester locations I'm proficient at strong interpersonal skills, photography editing and slide shows, and microsoft office.]
86597425, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science   interdisciplinary studies   business   geology   and education from bachelor of science. As a Administrative Assistant/Sales Representative, I worked from 01/2014 to 08/2014. And my major duty is Human resource responsibilities including interviewing, onboarding (gathering employment information, submitting background checks, in-house drug screening, I-9 verification, employment and education verification, and testing required skills) hiring, terminating employees, and submitting information for workman's compensation claims.. Accounting responsibilities including effectively handling payroll and invoicing issues, submitting bills to be paid, and issuing bill backs to companies.. Sales responsibilities including company research, sales calls, preparing business quotes, and meeting with potential clients.. Administrative responsibilities including frequent email and letter correspondence with clients and associates, answering phones, scheduling appointments and interviews, recording new orders, and sending invoices to clients.. OVERVIEW OF EDUCATOR RESPONSIBILITIES. Resolved employment-related disputes through proactive communication.. Organized and led a. [Number]. -day staff orientation and training to promote collaboration.. Handled understaffing, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures.. Represented organization at personnel-related hearings and investigations. I'm proficient at telephone etiquette, insurance, and works well under pressure.]
10909720, [I got my high school diploma in  from san jacinto college. As a Teacher aide, I worked from Aug 1999 to Mar 2001. And my major duty is Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. Organized field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos. Assisted 5-6 children per station during small group learning periods.Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others.Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to keep them engaged.Supported students in developing strategies for individual needs and classroom group dynamics.Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons. Implemented emergent curriculum to encourage student participation. Supplied one-on-one attention to each student, while maintaining overall focus on the entire group.Communicated effectively with educators from various grade levels.Wrote daily and weekly lesson plans.Administered minor first aid to injured students.Maintained daily records of children's individual activities, behaviors, meals and naps.Established a safe play environment for the children.Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles.Distributed quarterly educational assessments, similar to report cards, to each parent.Maintained a child-friendly environment with access to outdoor activities.Completed all required documentation for the National Head Start program. I'm proficient at i have a lot patience, i communicate really well with children, and i can usually calm a stressful situation quickly.]
28933005, [I got my bachelor of science   child and adolescent studies in child and adolescent studies from fullerton college   city. As a Substitute Teacher, I worked from 09/2010   -   05/2018 to now.And my major duty is Implemented lesson plans assigned by classroom teacher to educate students about key concepts.. Maintained student attendance and assignment records to prevent lapses during teacher absences.. Enforced classroom routines to keep students on schedule and operating at consistent level.. Used Blackboard & Powerschool to organize lesson plans for long-term interim assignments.. Helped students build learning and study skills to achieve life-long educational goals.. Provided notes and reports on school day activities to primary teacher.. Leveraged diverse instructional strategies and hands-on activities to engage students and boost understanding of material.. Mentored, tutored and instructed students after school and during planning times.. Kept detailed records of student progress, attendance and assignments in Powerschool and SEIS.. Promoted learning by leveraging traditional and modern instructional strategies.. Reported problem students to principal to maintain control of classroom.. Assigned homework to students based on curricula and modified based on daily progress.. Applied proactive behavior management techniques to facilitate classroom discipline.. Differentiated classroom and small group instruction to meet needs of students with various learning styles and abilities.. Built and strengthened positive relationships with students, parents and teaching staff.. Oversaw pop quizzes, material exams and standardized tests to facilitate instruction.. Assisted fellow teachers with assignments, special projects, tests, administrative updates and grading as needed.. Liaised with teachers to develop cohesive educational plans and improve student support.. Eliminated learning gaps and effectively instructed students by using teaching aids and motivational strategies.. Developed IEP to leverage developmental practices and educational theories to achieve educational objectives.. Participated in week-long intensive leadership training and provided training to colleagues on applied behavior analysis.. Wrote and presented documents for Individual Education Plan conferences.. Established and communicated clear objectives for lessons, units and projects to students and parents.. Fostered positive and trusting relationships with students to increase engagement.. Organized and prepared instructional materials, communiqués and reports to facilitate student learning.. Delivered specialized classroom instruction to students with developmental disorders.. Worked with students with specialized needs to accomplish tasks and build practical skills.. Collaborated with conventional education instructors across multiple departments to optimize student learning.. Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.. Developed interesting and interactive learning methods tailored to help students with individual needs.. Transitioned students across grade levels through careful planning and preparation.. Developed individual educational plans designed to promote educational, physical and social development.. Implemented specialized tests to evaluate literacy performance.. Encouraged student empathy of others to build confidence and improve self-image.. Supervised field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos to develop social skills and community awareness.. Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs. I'm proficient at compliance, interdisciplinary teaching, and individualized care.]
53129155, [I got my bachelor of science   animal science in animal science from oregon state university. As a Community Coach, I worked from 01/2007 to 01/2013. And my major duty is Actively supported local MOPS groups, on the Oregon Coast and Willamette Valley.. Acted as liaison between local coordinators/chartering ministries and MOPS Int.. Skills include self-direction, team player, trouble shooting, record keeping and problem solving; management of volunteer base that ran groups in the northwest region and promoted the MOPS agenda with local churches, doctor offices and media. I'm proficient at leadership, direction, and programming.]
11943065, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from coker college. As a Classroom Assistant, I worked from 08/1989 to 06/1998. And my major duty is Maintained student safety in classroom and outside environments.. Documented behaviors, interventions and results.. Met with team of professionals from different disciplines to implement comprehensive action plan.. Worked with individual students to provide personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support.. Provided diverse assistance to teachers, including clerical support, classroom management and document coordination.. Prepared instructional materials for group and one-on-one use.. Developed and taught lessons on relevant children's books, poems, movies and themes to promote student interest. I'm proficient at supervising, book, and test proctoring.]
45987048, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from albany state university. As a Receptionist, I worked from 08/1998 to 06/1999. And my major duty is Scheduled and confirmed appointments.. Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.. Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging schedules.. Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.. Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.. Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.. Screened and verified visitors for identification credentials and purpose of visit to maintain security of personnel and office environment.. Prepared packages for shipment by generating packing slips and setting up courier deliveries.. Directed and oversaw office personnel activities.. Answered phone calls, provided information to callers and connected callers to appropriate people.. Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.. Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.. Managed office paperwork, including scanning documents and routing business correspondence.. Pulled and organized requested documentation.. Greeted visitors and directed them to appropriate areas, verifying reasons for visit and verified information.. Determined needs of visitors and provided information or solutions.. Signed for packages, recorded all deliveries and distributed to personnel.. Delivered key administrative support to coworkers, taking on additional tasks during peak times.. Maintained accurate bookkeeping of important files and ran reports and delivered updates on occupancy and revenues to supervisor.. Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes. I'm proficient at leadership, multi line telephone skills, and work ethic.]
99244405, [I got my mba   marketing in marketing from iglobal university. As a Junior Editor, I worked from Sep 2004 to Sep 2006. And my major duty is Determined appropriate page budgets and layouts to guide word count parameters, optimize use of images and graphics as well as maximize impact within allotted space.. Evaluated reporter stories, shaped content and helped improve overall work quality through careful review, detailed editing and constructive feedback.. Developed and deepened positive relationships with writing, design and production team members to improve communication and collaboration.. Handed out story assignments, directed content meetings and evaluated submitted pieces to manage overall tone and execution of work.. Decided readiness of articles for publication and approved final versions.. Edited, rewrote and prepared numerous pieces per week by adjusting reading level to make understanding articles easier and more interesting.. Oversaw layout design and worked with production team members to complete fresh monthly publications I'm proficient at superb communication both verbal and written, microsoft office, and organizational and problem solving skills.]
32067700, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology from ivy tech community college of indiana. As a Child Care Aide and Kids Night Out Aid, I worked from 09/2013 to 12/2020. And my major duty is Encouraged child involvement in classroom experiences and group interaction.. Modeled appropriate activities and positive behavior management.. Performed as a positive role model, promoting healthy interpersonal behaviors.. Managed 20 students per room with another aide. I'm proficient at math, rapport, and sales.]
27126818, [I got my ph   d     philosophy in education in curriculum and teaching from thomas nelson community college. As a Military Police, I worked from 07/1976 to 10/1979. And my major duty is Authored daily activity, incident, safety, repair and irregularity reports including equipment and property damage, theft, unauthorized presence or unusual occurrences.. Monitored and authorized access to restricted areas by employees and visitors to guard against theft and incursion.. Provided daily briefings to [Military post and duties] on such topics as safety and risk assessments.. Created document filing system, organizing mission-critical documents within SCIF facility.. Managed receipt, storage and issue of ammunition processes.. Managed 12] employees in combat operations and tactical guidance to ensure optimal productivity.. Developed top talent by leading training initiatives for combat preparation.. Led military police teams in support of battlefield operations.. Trained and instructed subordinates and supported units on [Guard duty  ] training.. Instructed personnel on ways to reduce environmental hazards and proper use of PPE.. Led diverse training simulations to prepare teams for combat and emergency situations.. Completed 6-8 hours] patrols of assigned areas within operations areas. ]
19786924, [I got my bs   early childhood   special ed in early childhood   special ed from ivy tech community college. As a Lead Teacher, I worked from 10/1992 to Current. And my major duty is Completed documentation on individual children and teachers for recordkeeping - Gold Teaching Strategies. Administered assessments for each child and tracked results - ISTAR-KR. Adopted technological advancements that engaged and empowered children.. Motivated teaching staff to continually improve strategies and maximize student learning.. Planned and prepared activities for preschool students.. Provided an open and loving environment where children could express themselves and direct their own learning.. Modified the general education curriculum for special-needs students based upon a variety of instructional techniques and technologies.. Developed activities and integrated technology to diversify instruction.. Planned, implemented, monitored, and assessed a classroom instructional program which was consistent with Paths to Quality and NAEYC Accreditation.. Provided key support for Ivy Tech practicum students.. Created new lesson plans based on course objectives.. Met with families on a daily basis.  Parent/family meetings offered/home visits scheduled to discuss student developmental progress or address issues.. Liaison between families and administration. I'm proficient at prepare meals, forms, and work within a budget snack meal planning.]
70892619, [I got my associate of arts   psychology in psychology from los angeles trade technical college. As a EXL Tutor &; ELA Academic Tutor, I worked from  to Current. And my major duty is Provided an enriched classroom environment to a class of 20 1st grade students during afterschool.. Supported students through homework, mathematics, reading, and enrichment activity tied to common core standards. I'm proficient at critiqued student project rather than correcting it, problem solving skills, and supported students with special needs by developing behavioral and academic plans.]
25729119, [I got my b   s   b   a in business administration and management information systems from university of southern mississippi. As a Administrative and Financial Assistant, I worked from June 1996 to now.And my major duty is Maintained and processed all hourly & salary payroll Prepared numerous forecasts, charts & spreadsheets.. Followed-up on Accounts Payable discrepancies for over 100 vendors.. Worked directly with CFO to achieve plant manager support.. Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational functions.. Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. I'm proficient at self motivated, dibels knowledge, and positive and encouraging.]
58105060, [I got my master of arts in teaching mathematics from university of southern california. As a Math Teacher, I worked from 08/2014 to Current.  I'm proficient at tailoring curriculum plans, classroom discipline, and balance.]
12587973, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from kaplan university city. As a Insurance Agent, I worked from 08/2005 to now.And my major duty is Fred Loya Insurance - Eagle Pass TX 78852      Met with existing and prospective clients each week to select appropriate insurance policies.. Calculated quotes and educated potential clients on insurance options.. Tracked the progress of all outstanding insurance claims.. Calculated premiums and established payment methods for sales.. Identified and solicited sales prospects in agency databases.. Evaluated leads obtained through direct referrals, lead databases and cold calling.. Modeled exceptional customer service skills and appropriate diagnostic sales techniques.. Collected all premiums on or before effective date of coverage.. Contributed ideas and offered constructive feedback at weekly sales and training meetings. I'm proficient at leadership, executive presentations, and insurance.]
21611212, [I got my high school diploma in high school from crossroads college. As a In Home Nanny, And my major duty is Organized activities that developed child's physical, emotional and social growth.. Redirected child to encourage safe, positive behaviors.. Physically and verbally interacted with child throughout the day.. Made nutritious snacks and meals for child.. Established and maintained a safe play environment for the child.. Monitored child's play activities to verify safety and wellness.. Taught child personal care behaviors, including toilet training and feeding. I'm proficient at skilled in working with special needs children, calm under pressure, and playful.]
21550454, [I got my master of teaching in psychology from virginia commonwealth university. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from January 1994 to June 1996. And my major duty is Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Maintained electronic and paper files.. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled incoming and outgoing correspondence. I'm proficient at intimate knowledge of school system, meticulous attention to detail, and strong problem solver.]
86322251, [I got my bachelor of science in varying exceptionalities   esol city from university of south florida      bachelor of science   varying exceptionalities   esol city   state university of south florida. As a Girls Basketball Coach, I worked from August 2002 to May 2006. And my major duty is Motivated and encouraged student athletes to do their best during practices and games. Met with prospective student-athletes to discuss their experience and goals. Created and ran up-to-date and relevant drills. Monitored the academic performance of student-athletes in addition to their athletic progress. Helped develop each participant's physical and psychological fitness. Maintained and updated attendance forms and insurance records I'm proficient at successful leader, public speaking, and active learning.]
22968380, [I got my bachelor of science   elementary education in mathematics from university of maryland city. As a Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is *PSA FINANCIAL CENTER*HUNT VALLEY, MARYLAND April 2009 - December 2010 Administrative Assistant * * * *Provided direct assistance and support to the Vice President of the company. * * * *Reorganized the company's Business Center to more effectively monitor its 120 employees. * * * *Maintained internal and external revenue reports through mastery of Microsoft Excel. * * * *Worked in the company's Business Center to analyze proposals and complete office duties such as making *copies and faxing documents. * * * *Managed the front desk answering and directing calls as well as responding to email requests I'm proficient at great organizational skillsand enthusiastic people person.]
10504237, [I got my bachelors of sciences   biological sciences in biological sciences from camden county college. As a Clinical Laboratory Technician, And my major duty is Prepare gel agars and associated substrates from raw materials in large-scale electrophoresis testing platform.. Proficient in aseptic techniques, 'Good Laboratory Practices', and proper pipetting practices.. Extract raw samples for DNA purification utilizing aseptic techniques.. Execute and analyze Real-Time and conventional PCR results. I'm proficient at equipment maintenance, forms, and department of health.]
24240349, [I got my lawyer   s assistant program of the national center for paralegal training   atlanta   ga paralegal degree in arts from valencia community college. As a Paralegal/Legal Assistant, And my major duty is Assisted in-house counsel with everything from trip planning to drafting contracts.. Functioned as main contact for all hired counsel concerning Ripley's trademarks.. Filed and regulated over 300 copyrights and maintained detailed records, "statements of use", and renewal calendar for 180 registered trademarks worldwide.. Policed and pursued any and all infringements of Ripley's trademarks, copyrights, and domain names.. Approved or rejected all uses of Ripley trademarks for the attractions and insured proper use of logos for the 28 Ripley attractions in the U.S and Internationally which included the Ripley's Believe It or Not! Museums, Aquariums, Haunted Adventures Moving Theaters, Wax Museums and Mini-Golf Courses. I'm proficient at administrative duties, transcription skills, and conference and meeting scheduling.]
20478831, [I got my master of science   education administration in education administration from grand canyon university. As a Clerk/Receptionist, And my major duty is Customer services. Delivered exceptional service by greeting clients. Regularly checked on clients to ensure satisfaction. General clerical duties such as typing, answering the phones, copies faxing, creating memos, filing, and maintaining records I'm proficient at research lesson planning, administrative skills, and clerical documentation and shorthand.]
79663360, [I got my master of arts   christian education in  from dallas theological seminary. As a Baggage Handler, And my major duty is Assisted customers with luggage.. Helped check-in customers bags boarding passes.. Reported left behind luggage and contacted  the owner.. Managed checkpoint security lanes. I'm proficient at computer literate and valid texas driver s license insuranceand great communication and note taking skills.]
76196367, [I got my master of education in elementary education from towson university. As a Education Specialist, And my major duty is Provide expertise in the development of astrophysics-themed education materials, workshops, and programs.. NASA's Universe of Learning & Hubble Education Program) Align materials to national education standards and frameworks.. NGSS, Common Core, AAAS Project 2061, NCTM, NRC's NSES standards) Develop and organize content for multiple organizational websites.. Amazing Space, OPO site, STEM projects site, Hubble 25th anniversary site, and HST Cycle grants site).. Review astrophysics education and outreach products for clarity, readability, pedagogical appropriateness, and fit to standards.. Make recommendations for revisions; as appropriate.. Maintain files, records, and databases for the HST Cycle E/PO grants program.. Assist with the development of proposals and product plans, evaluation plans, and program outcomes, metrics, and milestones.. Collect, synthesize, and apply research on national education trends, policies, and initiatives.. Support NASA mission-based reporting activities.. Support and/or present at student and family STEM events. I'm proficient at websites, event planning coordination, and content development management.]
27524018, [I got my master of arts in homeland security from iowa state university. As a Preschool Teacher, And my major duty is Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests.. Arrange indoor and outdoor space to facilitate creative play, motor-skill activities, and safety.. Assimilate arriving children to the school environment by greeting them, helping them remove outerwear, and selecting activities of interest to them.. Attend professional meetings, educational conferences, and teacher training workshops to maintain and improve professional competence.. Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers.. Collaborate with other teachers and administrators in the development, evaluation, and revision of preschool programs.. Confer with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning, following approved curricula.. Demonstrate activities to children.. Enforce all administration policies and rules governing students.. Establish and enforce rules for behavior, and procedures for maintaining order.. Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects, and communicate those objectives to children.. Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health-related problems, and discuss them with supervisors, parents or guardians, and child development specialists.. Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative regulations.. Meet with other professionals to discuss individual students' needs and progress.. Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.. Organize and label materials, and display students' work in a manner appropriate for their ages and perceptual skills.. Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music, storytelling, and field trips.. Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provides students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.. Plan and supervise class projects, field trips, visits by guests, or other experiential activities, and guide students in learning from those activities.. Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.. Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play.. Provide disabled students with assistive devices, supportive technology, and assistance accessing facilities such as restrooms.. Read books to entire classes or to small groups.. Select, store, order, issue, and inventory classroom equipment, materials, and supplies.. Serve meals and snacks in accordance with nutritional guidelines.. Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.. Teach proper eating habits and personal hygiene. I'm proficient at arts, instruction, and supervision.]
27798860, [I got my master of education   leadership           northcentral university city   state leadership bachelor of science   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from texas state technical college city. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at autodesk autocad, publisher, and autodesk inventor professional.]
14445309, [I got my bachelor of arts   government and communications in government and communications from georgia state university   gsu   college of law. As a Volunteer Public Advocate/Attorney, Exceptional Family Member Services, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/2002. And my major duty is Provided legal representation to families with special needs children regarding education services. Negotiated Individual Education Plans and 504 documents. Interpreted and applied federal statutory requirements and administrative regulations for clients before school administrative hearings. Drafted appropriate goals for education plans I'm proficient at liaison, public policy, and federal government.]
35474904, [I got my business administration human resources in business administration from cosmetology college national beauty college. As a Life Enrichment Coordinator/Marketing Coordinator, And my major duty is Designed a creative and exciting life enrichment program to meet the individual needs and interests of the community.. Plan monthly calendar for the community.. Participated in discharge planning with the other members of the management team.. Coordinated the transportation, monitored budget, equipment, and supplies through Microsoft Excel.. Provided guidance and acted as a resource to staff on the importance of life enrichment.. Ensured that programs met all state, federal, local regulations.. Coordinate quarterly events at the community.. Developed and maintained contact with community agencies and supervise volunteers.. Coordinated move-ins and move-outs.. Coordinated the Welcome Committee.. Lots of Data Entry through Microsoft Excel and filing. I'm proficient at processes, receiving, and data entry.]
37348041, [I got my bachelor of science   human resource management in human resource management from university of phoenix. As a Training Coordinator, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Evaluated training requirements for each division, consulting with department managers, HR and external resources.. Managed the process of identifying and addressing employee development opportunities through focus groups, 360-degree assessments, and blended training solutions that include instructor-led classes, case studies, self-study, mentoring programs, e-Learning, coaching, role-play, OJT, and web-based training.. Conducted over 100 employee evaluations for strength and weakness and performed cross-training exercises for competency and efficiency.. Developed document-teaching procedures for team of 15 technical trainers, encompassing instructional manuals, quick reference guides, and test results forms.. Acted as liaison and applying experience to resolve and handle a variety of HR functions, to include; benefits, payroll, awards time/attendance, disciplinary actions, counseling/evaluations, conflict resolution, retention efforts, and management of files.. Evaluated and developed requirements for over 50 diverse operational positions, as well as processes for improved productivity and work center performance. I'm proficient at leadership, instructor, and consulting.]
89508407, [I got my bachelor of science in special and elementary education from liberty university. As a Elementary Teacher, I worked from 08/2012 to 06/2016. And my major duty is Increased student interest and participation in the classroom by creating and implementing thought-provoking hands-on activities. Bolstered student confidence and achievement through structured, data- driven remediation and enrichment lessons. Collaborated with colleagues to ensure the most effective instruction, practice, and assessments were implemented to successfully meet the needs of various learners. Established a behavior management system to foster a respectful classroom environment, reducing distractions and increasing learning time. Fostered meaningful relationships with students and parents to build trust and collaboration to better meet individual goals. Achieved 100% pass rate on Virginia Reading SOL test and 100% pass rate two years in a row on Virginia Math SOL test I'm proficient at effective time management, crm experience, and salesforce software.]
25873425, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from east stroudsburg university. As a School Age Teacher, I worked from 10/2013 to 04/2014. And my major duty is Addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management. Encouraged good behaviors using the positive reinforcement method. Encouraged children to be understanding of and patient with others. Made nutritious breakfasts, lunches, dinners and snacks for the children. Engaged with children on an individual basis in a pleasant manner. Organized structured learning activities for classroom of 15 students to teach motor skills I'm proficient at proficient in gsuite, problem solving skills, and proficient in lytec.]
31040875, [I got my bachelor   s of social work in social work from western connecticut state university. As a Student Assistant/Building Manager, And my major duty is Signed in customers to play pool.. Collected money for pool usage.. Promoted to Building Manager for displaying hard work and performing well on assigned work task. I'm proficient at sales, money, and progress.]
11188218, [I got my bachelor of arts in fine art from doane college. As a Retail Banking Representative II, I worked from June 2002 to August 2003. And my major duty is I provided excellent customer service, assisting customers with account inquiries via phone and in person. Opened accounts, solved problems and cross-sold financial products. Scanned checks, daily balancing of my drawer, the ATM, vault and total branch balancing I'm proficient at secretary for president of a college, wireless network troubleshooting, and taxes.]
73448369, [As a Tax Preparer/Office Manager, I worked from January 2002 to December 2004. And my major duty is Would supervise employees engaged in tax preparation services.. Compute taxes owed or overpaid, using adding machines or personal computers, and complete entries on forms, following tax form instructions and tax tables.. Prepare or assist in preparing simple to complex tax returns for individuals or small businesses.. Use all appropriate adjustments, deductions, and credits to keep clients' taxes to a minimum.. Interview clients to obtain additional information on taxable income and deductible expenses and allowances.. Review financial records such as income statements and documentation of expenditures to determine forms needed to prepare tax returns.. Furnish taxpayers with sufficient information and advice to ensure correct tax form completion.. Consult tax law handbooks or bulletins to determine procedures for preparation of atypical returns.. Calculate form preparation fees according to return complexity and processing time required.. Check data input or verify totals on forms prepared by others to detect errors in arithmetic, data entry, or procedures. I'm proficient at processing financial forms, customer service, and fast data entry.]
42164460, [I got my certificate and licensed in california property and casualty insurance in property and casualty insurance from insurance educational association. As a Travel Sales Associate, And my major duty is Responsible for travel sales to new and existing clients.. Met or exceeded all goals and objectives. I'm proficient at reports creation, associate supervision, and client focused.]
18725071, [I got my master of education in psychology   sociology from north carolina wesleyan. As a Teacher, I worked from 06/2003 to now.And my major duty is Confer with parents, administrators, testing specialists, social workers, or other professionals to develop individual education plans (IEPs).. Develop individual educational plans (IEPs) designed to promote students' educational, physical, or social development.. Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.. Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.Encouraged parents to take an active role in their child's education. I'm proficient at powerpoint, quality teaching, and mental health.]
28974459, [I got my g   e   d in medical assistant from central new mexico community college. As a Cashier/Shift Manager, I worked from 01/2007 to 01/2009. And my major duty is Managed Cashiers to ensure order accuracy.. Took customer's orders correctly and made sure they received their orders promptly.. Managed team to ensure orders were made correctly and in a timely fashion.. Responsible for cash drawer balance at the end of each cashiers shift. I'm proficient at medical coding, data entry, and answering phones.]
38291889, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from msta business college. As a Operations Team Lead, I worked from September 2002 to January 2015. And my major duty is Interact and act as a liaison with business clients, business partners, internal and external staff, and update share point sites.. Review and certify system access for team members.. Prepare agendas, materials; coordinate room/equipment reservations.. Manage electronic calendars; schedule meetings, appointments, conference calls.. Conduct interviews and make hiring recommendations.. Contribute and participate in team coaching and performance development discussions.. Pre-Screening Candidates for Interviews.. Facilitate feedback discussions with individuals.. Participate and conduct team member training.. Create offer Letters and Hiring Kit.. Ensures that the team's acquisitions are completed on time and accurately.. Planning, coordinating, and monitoring daily activities; ranging from routine to moderately complex work in a major corporate environment.. Reviewing, prioritizing, and distributing daily work to meet deadlines and goals.. Monitoring work in progress making adjustments as needed.. Effectively trains staff on duties, responsibilities, and expectations. I'm proficient at mailing, microsoft word, and myrounding application and press ganey.]
12171093, [I got my associate of science   social and behavioral sciences in psychology from citrus college. As a Exhibit Creator, I worked from Aug 2008 to Oct 2009. And my major duty is Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for the entire building.. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the company brand. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional service throughout the entire educational and joyful experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. Communicated Fairplex policy violations to the leadership team in a timely manner. Offered direction and gave constructive feedback to motivate team members. Held each team member I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and multi tasking.]
13967854, [I got my b   s professional studies international organizational leadership in b   s professional studies international organizational leadership from pellissippi state community college city. As a Interpreter/translator, And my major duty is Displayed sensitivity to the cultural and linguistic needs of the clients and families served.. Performed a variety of modes of interpreting such as: simultaneous,consecutive,whispered.. Convert concepts in the source language to equivalent concepts in the target language.. Render spoken messages accurately, quickly, and clearly. I'm proficient at bilingual in spanish and english, independent judgment and decision making, and case management proficiency.]
90468982, [I got my high school diploma in high school from high school. As a Team Member, And my major duty is Efficiently trained new hires, keeping them knowledgeable of all company policies and guidelines.. Always adhered to and implemented company safety training and requirements.. Kept a clean environment for the park guests and readily answered all questions with genuine enthusiasm.. Kept current with all park information to give guests the best experience possible. I'm proficient at supervising, selling, and call center.]
49475708, [I got my high school diploma jun      eldorado high school   city   state diploma in high school from eldorado high school. As a Customer Advocate, I worked from Dec 2014 to Nov 2015. And my major duty is responsibilities are making sure our customer leave with cash, making sure all documents are updated on file of each customer.. One of my tasks are to have our campaign calls completed by Monday and have the report sent.. We go to each customer's account to see if they have and cash available loan wise, we give them a brief call reminding them they have cash.. I need to have sent out the summary report by Monday.. By doing this we get more customer's in helping us meet our goals.We Also make sure our environment is clean and nice for our customer's to feel welcomed.. Ensuring all documents are correct in system to meet compliance.. Verify and examine information and accuracy of loan application and closing documents.. Record applications for loan and credit, loan information, and disbursements of funds, using computers.. Present loan and repayment schedules to customers.. Calculate, review, and correct errors on interest, principal, payment, and closing costs, using computers or calculators.. File and maintain loan records.. Receive checks and cash for deposit, verify amounts, and check accuracy of deposit slips.. Cash checks and pay out money after verifying that signatures are correct, that written and numerical amounts agree, and that accounts have sufficient funds.. Process and maintain records of customer loans.I worked from Jul 2014 to Jan 2015. And my major duty is Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.. Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.. Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.. Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.. Maintain records related to sales.. Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.. Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.. Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.. Inventory stock and requisition new stock.. Clean shelves, counters, and tables.. Help customers try on or fit merchandise.. Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.. Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering.. Bag or package purchases, and wrap gifts.. Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.I worked from Jun 2014 to Dec 2014. And my major duty is Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Greet customers entering establishments.. Process merchandise returns and exchanges.. Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.. Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.. Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items.. Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.. Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.. Maintain records related to sales.. Inventory stock and requisition new stock.. Help customers try on or fit merchandise.I worked from Apr 2012 to Aug 2014. And my major duty is Maintain sanitation, health, and safety standards in work areas.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Clean food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Verify that prepared food meets requirements for quality and quantity.. Greet customers entering establishments.. Prepare specialty foods such as pizzas, fish and chips, sandwiches, and tacos, following specific methods that usually require short preparation time.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.. Measure ingredients required for specific food items being prepared.. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.. Take food and drink orders and receive payment from customers.. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.. Clean, stock, and restock workstations and display cases.. Wash, cut, and prepare foods designated for cooking.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.. Serve orders to customers at windows, counters, or tables.. Pre-cook items such as bacon, to prepare them for later use.. Prepare dough, following recipe. I'm proficient at wise, cooking, and closing.]
54067174, [I got my high school in high school from winfree academy. As a Debt Collector, I worked from Apr 2014 to Dec 2014. And my major duty is Strong Problem Solver     Inbound/Outbound Calls regarding past due accounts with major retailer, and banks.. Collect Daily goals to meet certain amount of money.. High Call Volume     Set up payment plans on automated system     Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.. Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 20 calls in queue per minute.I worked from Aug 2013 to Mar 2014. And my major duty is Assessed need for, ordered, obtained and interpreted appropriate lab tests.. Recorded patients' medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.. Delivered high-quality and compassionate treatment to indigent and low-income patient     community.. Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs.. Scheduled and accompanied clients to medical appointments.. Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.. Cleaned and organized patients' living quarters.. Assisted with patient transfer and ambulation.. Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems. I'm proficient at insurance, quick learner bilingual, and listening.]
49486820, [I got my associate of science in paralegal colorado technical university coursework in paralegal studies from colorado technical university. As a Mortgage Insurance Customer Service Representative, I worked from June 2008 to June 2011. And my major duty is Subject Matter Expert (SME) solely selected to train new hires by the contracted company (Wells Fargo).. Promoted to Senior Mortgage Insurance Customer Service Representative.. Provide excellent customer service by responding to customer interactions via the telephone, email, or internet, in a professional, courteous, accurate manner while recording a brief overview of communication.. Inbound customer service representative for hazard insurance clients.. Assisted borrowers and external customers.. Maintained hazard and flood lender placed insurance policies on mortgage loans.. Assisted with manual production and the training and development of new hires on specific campaigns. I'm proficient at websites, consulting, and insurance.]
38860712, [I got my bachelor of criminal justice in criminal justice from university of oklahoma. As a Consumer Advocate, I worked from August 2013 to August 2014. And my major duty is Represented mental health consumers and those with substance abuse issues Collaborated with state and private facility administrators regarding problems and resolution measures Actively participated on committees working to educate staff and public on consumer's rights matters Provided oversight for facilities licensed or contracted with ODMHSAS.. BEST Award (Building Excellent Services Together) two times.I worked from January 2004 to January 2013. And my major duty is Established community based supervision programs for Oklahoma County's Regimented Inmate Disciplinary program, both presentencing and aftercare Successfully marketed all programs and services, resulting in contracts with referring agencies such as Oklahoma Department of Corrections Community Sentencing Division as well as numerous county district courts around the state Collaborated with Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services and Oklahoma Department of Corrections to create appropriate policy and procedure for community based sentencing and monitoring Compile detailed notes and reports for board of directors and Oklahoma County courts Compile community needs assessments Mentored program participants resulting in numerous court case dismissals in an effort to enroll individuals in college and/or military. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, processes, and improving.]
16332348, [I got my bachelor of arts   law and justice in forensic technology and homeland security from cumberland county college. As a Support Analyst, I worked from 03/2015 to now.And my major duty is Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.. Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.Maintained up-to-date records at all times.Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.. Maintained up-to-date and comprehensive electronic and paper filing systems.Entered client records in a centralized database for progress tracking.. Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.Developed new analytics tool to allow senior management to understand the impact of each project. I'm proficient at security, training, and dynamics.]
34970271, [I got my bachelor of business administration in business administration from university of the incarnate word city. As a Business Office Manager, And my major duty is Managed business office for skilled nursing, rehabilitation, and long-term care facility.. Billed Medicaid, Medicare, and private insurance companies for services rendered to patients.. Managed facility's accounts receivables and accounts payables.. Prepared administrative reports for directors, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Executive Officer.. Responsible for interviewing, hiring, training, and termination of office personnel. I'm proficient at insurance, forms, and benefits.]
14064815, [I got my master of chiropractic in  from east stroudsburg university of pa. As a Resident Director/Advisor, I worked from May 2004 to July 2007. And my major duty is Coached students on useful life and personal care skills.. Performed several administrative duties, including room transfers, incident reports and maintenance requests.. Encouraged a community atmosphere by implementing educational and social programs.. Attended, participated and contributed to monthly staff meetings addressing resident needs.. Mentored and supervised groups of 56 residents.. Mediated and provided professional conflict resolution in a timely fashion.. Counseled peers on career, academic and personal concerns.. Led by example through mature behavior consistent with university regulations and rules.. Fostered students' commitment to lifelong learning by connecting course materials to broader themes and current events.. Demonstrated a continued commitment to undergraduate teaching through full participation in the college community. I'm proficient at citrix, etc, and consulting.]
12544735, [I got my master of public administration in health care management from arizona state university. As a Lead Certified Pharmacy Technician, And my major duty is Interviewed and trained new technicians, greeted patients, obtained personal information and medical history, interpreted and typed prescriptions accurately, dispensed drugs, released to patients.. Retained knowledge of drug names and their generics, as well as knowing proper doses, sig codes, quantities and drug classes.. Responsible for using computer system to type prescriptions, abide by HIPAA and other State and Federal regulations, interacting with patients, doctors and insurance companies, carried out many tasks necessary within the pharmacy.. Created work and rotation schedules, filed 709 and other forms, handled medturn, supply orders, etc. I'm proficient at leadership, medical terminology, and insurance.]
20138606, [I got my bachelor   s degree   human services management in human services management from university of phoenix. As a Retention Specialist, I worked from January 2008 to January 2009. And my major duty is Answered and received calls in a timely manner Deescalated customer grievances Data Entry and processed payments Upgraded and sold various packages Started, transferred, and disconnected services Retained clients.. Made reasonable procedure exceptions to accommodate unusual customer requests.. Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.. Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes.. Maintained up-to-date records at all times.. Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.. Worked with upper management to ensure appropriate changes were made to improve customer satisfaction.. Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.. Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow. I'm proficient at data entry, publisher, and neat.]
36694627, [I got my gpa coursework includes human computer interaction c oursework in technical and professional writing in technical and professional writing from jefferson city high school. As a LEAD TELLER, I worked from June 2012 to August 2013. And my major duty is Established new customer accounts including checking, savings, lines of credit and loans.. Processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products.. Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.. Assembled in-store marketing displays.. Processed cash withdrawals.. Trained employees on cash drawer operation.. Adhered to Wells Fargo security and audit procedures.. Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.. Examined checks for identification and endorsement.. Supplied tellers with coin and currency as needed.. Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.. Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.. Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service. I'm proficient at supervising, forms, and data entry.]
29926588, [I got my bachelors of arts in psychology   social science healthcare administration from ashford university city. As a Loan Review Support Specialist, I worked from 07/2002 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for completing issues-set up tax lines and escrow.. Registered new loan numbers in LINK system.. Assisted Audit department with legal documentation. I'm proficient at powerpoint, and research skills, and data entry.]
28206098, [I got my paraleglal in patient care from maric college. As a PATIENT CARE ASSISTANT TECHNICIAN, I worked from October 2000 to December 2000. And my major duty is Provide basic patient care including Assisting with patient care, planning and assessments including - recording vital signs, height, weight, input output, collect and test specimens, report and record patient's condition and patient treatments.* Check deliver food trays, assist with feeding the patient if necessary, and refill water and ice* Assist patients with their mobility - turn and positioning, do range of motion exercises, transferring patients to and from wheelchair, assist with ambulation* Discontinuation of IV's, Clean and Irrigate lacerations Set up Rapid Infuser, Heptafiler Setup* Answer phones * Locate equipment * Transport Non Critical Patients and Assist with Critical Patients* Foley Catheters Dressing Changes and Feed patients assist with Comfort Measures / Safety Measures* Attend to the Psyche patients and Escort patients to treatment areas, Clean Rooms, Collect specimens, Chest Tube Setups Relieve MR's, Clinitech Documentation and collection Change Sharp boxes and O2's * Decontamination procedures * EKG's, Assist with O2 delivery, Clean Instruments and Post-Mortem Care* Copy charts for admissions Splint Assistance, Suction, Crutch Walking Instructions and Adjustments take Vital Signs * Assist with Pelvic Exams perform Phlebotomy. I'm proficient at ca, medical terminology, and collect specimens.]
20765795, [I got my a   a   s   criminal justice in criminal justice from rasmussen college. As a Point of Sale Supervisor, I worked from March 2002 to August 2004. And my major duty is Supervised up to 20 teammates per shift.. Analyzed sales transactions and reported them to Sales Manager.. Received recognition from the Shopko CEO for providing excellent customer service. I'm proficient at client advocacy, public relations, and case management.]
20272792, [I got my bba   marketing in marketing from university of central arkansas. As a Club Connect Team Member, I worked from August 2013 to May 2015. And my major duty is Contact potential students to schedule campus tours.. Provide incoming students with scholarship opportunities available to each individual.. Contact potential students to inform them of scholarship deadlines.. Help potential students signup for campus events via online portals. I'm proficient at leadership, adaptability, and time management.]
20324037, [I got my  in cost accounting from international business. As a Replenishment Coordinator, And my major duty is VMI Management. Supply chain management. Inventory control. Work with Buying staff and Store Operations to identify sales/inventory opportunities. Confer with vendor contacts to obtain favorable and timely deliveries as well as the best possible pricing Waterfall forecast analysis Inventory Planning & Supply negotiation VMI(SMI) program JIT scenario negotiation trough 3PL's and In Plant Store Hardware and packing Suppliers setup trough IPS and Tents outside of production buldings for direct point of use delivery.. Supply Chain Management. I'm proficient at team player, analytics, and customer service.]
53169257, [I got my bachelor of science   public health health services administration in public health health services administration from community college of philadelphia. As a Supervisor, Lead Trainer, Human Resources Rep and Shift Controller, I worked from June 1986 to May 2004. And my major duty is Coordinated department functions for staff of 200+ employees.. Maintained detailed administrative and 		   procedural processes; improving accuracy and efficiency.. Facilitated meetings as liaison with other 	 	 	   departments.. Updated employee accounts and information on a daily basis.. A key member of the global 	 	   distribution operations team, which coordinated shipments globally.. Entered data into DIAS to load and 	 	   manipulate data for production reports.. Served as mentor to junior team members.. Conducted qualitative and 		   quantitative analysis of logistics operations using simulation models and other tools.. Manually created 	 	   shipments, assigned carriers and dispatched shipments.. Communicated crises, delays or carrier schedule 	 	   changes to internal and external customers.. Dispensed guidance, direction and authorization to carry out 	    	   effective plans.. Ensured work was accomplished safely with established operating procedures and practices. I'm proficient at mentor, clients, and simulation.]
24588864, [I got my master of science   human resource management in sociology from . As a Team Lead, I worked from 06/2001 to 07/2003. And my major duty is Complete department Payroll and maintain updated attendance performance reports for Customer Care staff.. Maintain accurate department staffing plans.. Scan Human Resource documents to accounting for appropriate record keeping purposes.. Maintain accurate performance reports for subordinates and follow up as needed.. Issue corrective action, PIP - Performance evaluation Plans, evaluations on each team member,  as required Maintained time card and requested time off per policy Complete performance evaluations on all staff in a timely manner.. Create, compile, maintain and publish statistic/data reports to be used by other members of the organization.. Communicate with other departments and contractors via phones, video conference, skype and e-mail in a clear, concise and professional manner to resolve pending customer issues.. Participate in annual review and performance management process via training and reporting activities as assigned.. Provide innovative ideas to improve efficiencies to accomplish work Recommends new approaches, policies, and procedures to effect continual improvements in efficiency of department and services performed.. Participate in auditing Department tasks/functions to identify process improvement opportunities.. Participate in Department Leadership meetings and/or conference calls on a regular basis.. Complete department special projects as assigned by the Department Manager.. Performs any other task as deemed necessary by the Organization. I'm proficient at childplus, dentist, and critical thinking.]
11963737, [I got my bachelor of science in computer science and information technology computer science from slippery rock university of pennsylvania northampton community college. As a Manager Information Systems, And my major duty is Managed the relationship with Cable and Wireless Communications in London, England on the installation of a telecom billing system, leading a team of 12 analysts and programmers in the analysis, design and coding of the international telecommunications commercial billing software.. Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular on-site visits, virtual meetings and customer advisory board sessions.. Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.. Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.. Coached and mentored twelve new staff members, including conducting performance reviews.. Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made.. Tested and implemented new technology-based global projects such as international telephone billing system.. Created innovative and intuitive product features such as a packetize billing system. I'm proficient at requirements gathering gap analysis, blood pressure, and product launches brand management.]
13593241, [I got my b   a   environmental humanities politics in environmental humanities politics from whitman college. As a Bilingual Writing Tutor, And my major duty is Provided students with a safe, receptive space in which to write and the tools needed to approach academic writing with confidence and zeal.. Leadership: provided one-on-one tutoring that supports and challenges students to approach writing with curiosity; used inquiry based learning techniques and guiding questions to develop student writing; elicited critical thinking in students; encouraged students to identify their own writing strengths and weaknesses; taught students how to structure thesis statements, topic sentences, paragraphs, and essays; suggested brainstorming and structuring strategies; edited syntax and grammar.. Administrative: managed registration records and tracked student attendance. I'm proficient at leadership, book, and programming.]
22391901, [I got my bachelors of science in physical education from university of south carolina. As a Shipping/Receiving Clerk, I worked from Jan 2006 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Prepared items for shipping.. Verified and reserved records of incoming and outgoing shipment.. Utilized knowledge of shipping procedures to control shipping quality. I'm proficient at delivery, coaching, and handle cash.]
10344379, [I got my logistics and supply chain management in  from florida state college at jacksonville. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from Jan 2003 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Handled customer questions, complaints, and billing inquiries with the highest degree of courtesy and professionalism to resolve customer issues with a one call resolution.. Communicated with customers using web based tools and demonstrated the proficiency in typing and grammar.. Made financial decisions to protect/ collect revenue and adjust the customer account.. Assisted call center manager in assisting customer service representatives in handling escalations and difficult customer concerns. I'm proficient at benefits, hand tools, and call center.]
74126637, [I got my social work in social work from texas woman   s university. As a Sales Assosiate, And my major duty is Salesperson. Customer Service. Manage fitting rooms. Work any departmentWork as a team member. Train and guide new workers as requested by manager.. Fast paced environment. Cashier. Leadership opportunitiesAnd my major duty is Salesperson. Customer service. Clean and organize store. Manager assistant. Open and close store. Cash register and responsible for cash. Train and guide new workers. Make orders & answer telephone ]
26071861, [I got my bachelor of science   computer information technology in computer information technology from northern arizona university. As a Hardline merchandiser / Electronics Associate, I worked from June 2013 to November 2013.  I'm proficient at upgrading, e mail, and php.]
24410405, [I got my bachelor   s degree in business and managerial economics from ivy tech state college. As a Seasonal Dept Manager, I worked from Jun 1999 to Dec 2002. And my major duty is Seasonal Department manager - for all of the seasons.. Helped with the inventory - scheduling and management with the other agents on the floor - and helped the customers with their issues for sales/profits. I'm proficient at microsoft applications, as, and phone etiquette.]
14146106, [I got my education in education from coastal carolina university. As a Customer Service Representatives, I worked from November 1998 to September 2014. And my major duty is Responsible for entering all payments for the office every day. The money amount was a high as $25,000 some days. Answered an average of 200 call per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing information about their utility service. Greeted customers entering the office and addressed their needs with billing, payment or setting up their utility accounts. Entered time sheet information for all employees at our local office and scheduled meetings for manager. Responsible for all paperwork turned in by employees that need to be entered for company and OSHA requirements. Responsible for all statistical information required on a monthly basis by our corporate headquarters. Responsible for entering all information pertaining to inventory of equipment, scheduling any transfer or pick up of equipment. Handled all invoices and payment to vendors for the local office. Handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with the accounting departments on invoicing and shipping problems. Set up and explained utility accounts to new customers. Responsible for emergency situations with customers and making sure information has been given to the proper person to resolve the problem. Responsible during emergency weather or hazards to be on site at work to help with customer needs. Described products to customers and accurately explained details about the programs that were offered. Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner. Participated in physical inventory counts every quarter. I'm proficient at the accounting, phone etiquette, and pirs.]
74191424, [I got my master of education in leadership and learning in sociology from jacksonville university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at adaptability, willingness to learn, and professionalism.]
10186968, [I got my continuing education in human services in organizational behavior   compensation   labor relations and recruitment l continuing education in human services greenville college l desktop publishing from greenville college. As a Call Center/Phone Representative/Collector, I worked from August 2005 to November 2007. And my major duty is Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.. Eliminated outdated records by sending the records to be scanned.. Identified and resolved system and account issues.. Verified and logged in deadlines forresponding to daily inquiries. I'm proficient at leadership, sales, and funds.]
20400279, [I got my high school diploma in business communications from morgan state university. As a Loan Servicing Representative, I worked from August 1984 to August 1985. And my major duty is Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes.Led a team of customer service representatives to increase service center profitability. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, computer literate, and creative problem solving.]
23427369, [I got my bachelor of science in psychology from university of phoenix. As a Clerk III, I worked from January 1995 to February 1996. And my major duty is Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing.. Printing daily schedules, pull medical records for clinic.. Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate for appointments and surgery.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office. I'm proficient at icd and cpt coding, excellent written skills, and scheduling.]
95714702, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration computer information systems in business administration computer information systems from north carolina central university. As a HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGER, I worked from November 2002 to July 2007. And my major duty is Time 40hrs/week Completed five years with the U.S.. Army, gained upper-level manager status Participated in the complete revitalization and overhaul of the U.S.. Military in general Supervised employees In/out processing, over 10,000 employee records, customer 			service, and employee personnel actions Led company to receiving one of the top finance awards in the Responsible for database accuracy for more than 20,000 employee records on a daily basis. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and forms.]
18997135, [I got my bachelor of science in public financial management from indiana university. As a Manager Assistant, I worked from August 2008 to October 2009.  I'm proficient at powerpoint, clients, and english.]
11773767, [I got my bachelor of social sciences in bachelor of social sciences from university of washington law. As a Customer Service Lead, I worked from September 2005 to October 2011. And my major duty is Assist department supervisors with the coaching, training and mentoring of Customer.. Service Agents.. Monitor department productivity, take escalated calls, answer questions.. and provide assistance to co-workers.. Take 40+ calls per day, assisting insured's and.. agents with policy billing and servicing needs.. Take on projects as needed. I'm proficient at sharepoint, enterprise, and supervising.]
78538268, [I got my bachelor of interdisciplinary studies in interdisciplinary bachelor of interdisciplinary studies from university of houston clear lake. As a Recruiter and Case Manager, And my major duty is Responsible for recruiting, interviewing, and determining eligibility for economically disadvantaged youth for summer work programs. Partnered with local nonprofit organizations, county, city and state agencies for youth to market employment opportunities. Documented case management services in accordance to JTPA requirements I'm proficient at truck driving, solid waste management, and training.]
13909762, [I got my high school diploma in child development from kaplan college. As a Customer Service, And my major duty is Direct and coordinate activities of businesses or departments concerned with the production, pricing, sales, or distribution of products. Manage staff, preparing work schedules and assigning specific duties. Establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures, conferring with board members, organization officials, and staff members as necessary. Determine goods and services to be sold, and set prices and credit terms, based on forecasts of customer demand. Perform sales floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory. Manage the movement of goods into and out of production facilities. Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints. Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken. Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners. Greet customers entering establishments. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies. Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales. Process merchandise returns and exchanges. Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately. Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins. Supervise others and provide on-the-job training. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items. Bag, box, wrap, or gift-wrap merchandise, and prepare packages for shipment. Compute and record totals of transactions. Offer customers carry-out service at the completion of transactions. I'm proficient at training, greet, and telephones.]
20604208, [I got my psychology in business administration from houston community college. As a Call Center Representative, I worked from June 2002 to October 2002. And my major duty is Answered multi-line phones and routed calls to the appropriate center.. Scheduled appointments andassisted clients with problem solving.. Helped to maintain an efficient office by assisting with copying and faxing. I'm proficient at leadership, data entry, and excellent communication.]
72652441, [I got my high school diploma in high school from west roxbury high school. As a Beauty Advisor Manager, I worked from 03/2005 to 05/2006. And my major duty is Welcomed each guest while offering a superior customer experience.. Supervised Beauty department; hired and developed staff, managed performance and oversaw all departmental functions.. Responsible for proper promotion of products to all clients through professional tutorials and the introduction of new techniques  to fully maximize use of products.. Attend periodic vendor training seminars and achieve the highest level of product knowledge. I'm proficient at closing, selling, and attention to detail.]
24754689, [I got my bachelor   s degree   business administration in business administration from strayer university. As a Sr Appeal & Complaints Analysts, I worked from November 2016 to Current. And my major duty is Review, research and respond to complaints within the required time frame established by the better business bureau.Review, research and respond to regulatory complaints including CFPB, state attorney General office and other regulatory agencies. Ensure received complaints are documented and recorded on the appropriate spreadsheets. Provide weekly analyst identifying trends by type, state and client. Validate and verify complaints and answered in timely fashion with the appropriate responses. Identify high risk or problematic complaints and notify Compliance Management team. Complete call reviews, determine if any disciplinary action should be taken. Provide coordination for compliance and regulatory related projects. Effectively communicate levels of risk to specific departments. Ability to advise senior management on any regulatory charges that may affect risk and provide recommendations to mitigate the potential risk. Coordinate with Legal team to ensure aware of potential cross over between complaints and ADLs or lawsuits. Collaborate with Compliance Management Team to ensure that the entire company is aware of compliance requirements and issues.  Support the Director of Compliance, VP of Compliance and Chief Compliance Officer in their roles and daily task.. ​. ​. ​ I'm proficient at leadership, benefits, and firing.]
75057933, [I got my social welfare in social welfare university of milwaukee   city   state advanced opportunity fellowship award   uw milwaukee field placement advisory brd   member   african american student achievement award   association of black social workers book fund award      bsw   social welfare concordia university wisconsin   city   state member   student social work from concordia university. As a Psychotherapist, And my major duty is Completed Psychosocial Assessments and Treatment Plans on clients diagnosed with a wide range of Mental Health Disorders.. Directed clients in modifying attitudes and patterns of negative behavior through weekly individual sessions.. Compiled and monitored case files.. Completed authorizations for insurance reimbursement.. Collaborated with Psychologist and Psychiatrist regarding diagnosis and medication monitoring.. Conducted in-home services including crisis intervention.. Provided community resources as needed.. In-home services resulted in 35% increase in client retention.. Observed and monitored client behavior and responses to treatment. I'm proficient at insurance, extremely organized, and streamline.]
19063156, [I got my ged apollo   resume   co        mesa community college   ged in ged apollo   resume   co        mesa community college   ged from mesa community college. As a Accounts Payable Clerk, I worked from 11/2004 to 01/2008. And my major duty is Tempe Schools Credit My primary responsibility was maintaining and auditing.. Union General Ledger accounts, account reconciliations, data entry, posting and reconciling large- volume batch summary transactions, performing cash accounting journal entries, also maintain records for Accounts Payable prioritize and pay invoices received at the rate of 70-90 invoices paid per week.. I have also handled past due auto, mortgage, credit card unsecured consumer loans, repossessions and bankruptcy accounts and continue to coach employees on how to handle transactions to these sensitive accounts.. I am experienced with MS Office, mainly MS Excel and Word. I'm proficient at processes, extremely organized, and benefits.]
91051945, [I got my bachelor   s degree in international business crm   customer relationship management in international business management from universidad autonoma de nuevo leon. As a Order processing agent, And my major duty is In this position I was hired by Infosys LTD México but would work under CISCO SYSTEMS direction,.. providing internal support to the San José, CA office and LATAM countries.. Research requested product information, review supplier's location, reputation, prices, quality, efficiency for a well rounded decision.. Negotiate price, term of payments, product specifications, shipment details, warranty policies and further assistance when required.. Quote the inquired products and services and present at least three ideal options for business.. Place requisition of products into the ERP & MRP systems, usually working with CISCO systems and Oracle.. Review performance indicators as monthly, quarterly and annually purchases.. Discuss budget specifications with upper management when required and review reduction of costs options.. Weekly phone conferences with Internal upper management regarding financial or market updates.. Internal customer interaction with the Sales department.. Weekly and monthly spreadsheets report of purchased materials costs. I'm proficient at business operations, international business, and sales.]
14176254, [I got my master of divinity in historical theology from moody bible institute   city   state historical theology master of divinity the southern baptist theological seminary. As a Teacher and Coach, I worked from Aug 2007 to Jun 2008. And my major duty is Acted as a positive role model for team participants and in the community.. Taught a range of sport-specific skills in a clear, safe manner.. Built strong rapport with athletes and assistants before, during and after coaching seasons.. Developed game plans and adjusted them according to various game situations.. Successfully improved student participation in the classroom through integration of creative role-playing exercises.. Introduced special outreach programs to department chair in effort to increase institution's interest in community service.. Organized grade records to increase reference speed. I'm proficient at training, insurance, and multitasking.]
22259475, [I got my general high school diploma in general high school from alameda high school. As a Case Manager, And my major duty is Responsibilities included working with families low-income families to obtain child care assistance.. Semi-annual reviews of cases to determine eligibility for assistance.. Managing new client orientations and communicating daily with clients about the status of their case. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, multi tasking computer proficiency, and data entry.]
37560528, [I got my general education general education in general education from citrus college general education general education. As a Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is My responsibilities included conducting I-9 review, drug test, reference and criminal background checks on potential employees in accordance with EEOC regulations and agency standards.      My daily duties included updating and maintaining client and employee data on the agency's computerized system. Performed clerical duties such as typing, faxing, and sending e-mails, as well as, handling all of the agency's correspondence.   I addressed clients and employees inquiries/concerns by assisting them or directing them to the appropriate party in a timely manner.   I scheduled and conducted interviews with clients and potential employees.   I performed follow-ups with clients during employees first month of work and checked on them on a regularly basis.   Responsible for all accounts receivable and accounts payable.   I also created and maintained the agency's website. I'm proficient at outlook programs aimsi, ups worldship and alice, and key touch by sign touch.]
23577836, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in criminal justice city   state   us      bachelor of arts   criminal justice from american military university      bachelor of arts   criminal justice city   state   us      bachelor of arts   criminal justice american military university   charleston   wv. I have 1 work experiences. I worked from February 2007 to March 2006. And my major duty is ABC Studios/Army Wives Television Production - Charleston, SC Responsible for welfare of child performers on a major network television production. Advocated and insured that the child performers were treated properly by fellow cast, crew, producers and directors. Kept proper time records for amount of time each child performer was on camera as well as off camera, to insure that they were not overworked. Responsible for as many as 9 principle child performers and 40 background child performers at one time. Education tutoring for a child performer to make sure the child was able to keep up with their education while away from the school setting. 02/2007 to 08/2008Medical Receptionist Cardiovascular Consultants, PC - Savannah, GA Checked patients in and out of a busy cardiology practice with 6 physicians Scheduled in house appointments, outpatient testing procedures and referrals to outside physicians. Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete patient charts. Audited new customer files to verify medical necessity and satisfaction of coverage criteria. Kept organized documentation of medical insurance prior authorization information for office of 6 physicians. Improved timely paying of bills by developing flexible payment plans for patients. Managed hundreds of accounts patient accounts and insured timely payment of accounts Managed executive calendar and for physicians 03/2006 to 02/2007 Optometry Technician Eyeglass World, LLC - Savannah, GA Oversaw daily office operations for a busy Optometry practice located within an Eyeglass World. Administrative tasks to included the checking in and out of patients, collecting all necessary paperwork and insurance information, and maintaining the appointment calender as well as the Optometrist schedule. Patient care to include pretesting of patients with use of an autorefractometer, Intraocular pressure machine and lensometer. Ordered eyeglasses and contact lenses for patients. Coordinated with vendors in the ordering of supplies and samples for the practice. Maintained and facilitated the outside referrals of our patients to other providers. 07/2001 to 04/2005 Bridal Consultant/Sales Associate Belk - Boone, NC and Mount Pleasant, SC Worked directly with bride and groom to determine their needs and wants and help them register for gifts. Kept a database of preferred vendors and helped bride and referred bride and groom to vendors. Followed up with bride and groom after wedding date to facilitate the completion of gift registry. Helped coordinate and run local bridal shows. Greeted customers and ascertained customers' needs. Answered questions regarding the store and its merchandise. Helped customers with questions, problems and complaints in person and via telephone. Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with accuracy. Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays. Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store. Developed positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service. Trained and served as a peer coach for new sales associates. I'm proficient at satisfaction, greetings, and associate.]
36392131, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration management in business administration management from bachelor of science. As a Health Unit Coordinator, And my major duty is Duties involve standard administrative responsibilities, answering multi-line phones, making copies, scheduling appointments and maintaining supplies.Cooperated with Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance providers to resolve billing issues.Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.Maintained an up-to-date department organizational chart.Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.. Admit patients, administer and maintain patient records, break down medical charts for record keeping and coordinate billing.. Communicate with the clinical staff to ensure all appropriate patient information gathered Responsible for typing up discharge instructions for a patient. I'm proficient at experience with epic system, emdeon, and medical manager.]
32965335, [I got my bachelor of science in electrical engineering from milwaukee school of engineering. As a RF Optimization Engineer, I worked from September 1997 to May 2000. And my major duty is Led project planning to attain exit criteria goals for CAT/TAC (Communications Authority of Thailand/ Total Access Communications) in Bangkok; Phil Tel, Philippines; TelCel, Caracas, Valencia & Maracay, Seven Cities, Nine Cities and Second Carrier Project in Venezuela customers for newly deployed mobile base stations.. Lead duties included planning control routes and supervising and scheduling five teams for drive testing to gather RF data.. Executed RF Optimization duties such as collecting, plotting, and analyzing data collected from Qualcomm MDM which resulted in updating database properties and the base station, such as orientation and downtilt, to attain better network performance.. Achievements Above and beyond award for FOA Project:  This award was presented for taking on the responsibility of being the lead on the FOA despite having only been in the group for a short time.. Received Shining Star Award for Caracas, Valencia and Maracay deployment project and for IFR/Easy Span Spectrum Analyzer Development Interface.. Received an acknowledgment of active participation and dedication to completingthe CDMA project with CAT/TAC award.. Diversity Day 1999 Hands Across the World Certificate of appreciation award. I'm proficient at engineer, leadership, and supervising.]
21614256, [I got my master of public health in psychology from occidental college. As a Research Assistant, I worked from Jun 2010 to May 2011. And my major duty is Acquired and incorporated input from local community members into research.. Conducted, transcribed and coded interviews between parents and children (ages seven to twelve) regarding animal behavior and evolution using both an interactive museum display and children's books.. Analyzed this data to measure community members' understanding of evolution.. This information was later used for the following research paper: Shtulman, A., & Checa, I.. 2012).. Parent-child conversations about evolution in the context of an interactive museum display.. International Electronic Journal of Elementary Education, 5(1), 27-46. I'm proficient at leadership, gl, and electronic medical records.]
97405769, [I got my general   business in communications from morgan state university. As a Loan Servicing Representative, And my major duty is Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.Assisted with the development of the call center's operations, quality and training processes.Led a team of customer service representatives to increase service center profitability. I'm proficient at superb sales professional store planning and design strong communication skills detail oriented personnel training and development time management proficient in ms office, processes, and closing.]
95970987, [I got my bachelor of science   human services psychology and sociology      boricua college   city   state   ny gpa   dean   s list honor roll student             and      secretary of the student body and vice president of the research studies   latinas take a stand against violence human services psychology and sociology dean   s list honor roll student             and      secretary of the student body and vice president of the research studies   latina take a stand against violence   ad president of women against human trafficking bachelor   s june      master   s degree   clinical counseling and psychology human personalities and behaviors clinical counseling and psychology human personalities and behaviors master of science   da masters degree i psychology an clinical social work may      city college columbia university   city   state nyaffiliation awarded three scholarships for academic achievements   maintaining a       gpa for three consecutive semesters and volunteering work in the communities as well as being recognized for a strong advocate for women in need   neon natal as well and or also premature babies born with different types of addictions   which required hands on and constant supervision   i was offered a position on sept          but i was unable to accept because my passion was so great i could not see myself doing this kind of love labor for money or support   i also volunteered from      through      at catholic guardian with clinical manager enid cruz lcsw   as a case planner   home finder   isp development   and did many home visits   my duties were more than a volunteer for me   st barnabas   i have volunteered for seven years        present in the psych er   maternity ward   and anywhere needed   i have developed a team of interns from both universities i attended columbia and fordham   boricua college in one team consisting of    where we work with mark cruz senator and directly under the need and supervision of personal mentors ruben diaz sr and jr   now jr   is the bronx borough president while   diaz sr   is the hunts point senator service the south bronx area of the bronx giving out resources   information to drop in centers   centers they can stop by should they need the services   over    affiliates agencies who work well with homeless   dv   substance abuse   homeless   hiv   transgender   anti violence   a date rape   coming out support and ways to seek help if desire to get clean   even new resources of an agency that preps with mocking interviewed   resume prep   clothing for the interview and the metrocard if needed   and city advocates names numbers district  SEP in human services psychology from boricua college. As a Bilingual Clinical Services Coordinator, I worked from Nov 2005 to Jul 2009. And my major duty is Coordinated and provided community-based services, utilizing any and all resources available within the community to assist our clients living with a substance abuse addiction, mental illness, homelessness, and criminal history.. Ensured service plans suited each client's specific need according to their mental illness, substance abuse history, as well as addressed any other stressors in order to facilitate clients' reintegration in the community and assisting and allowing them to become productive members in our society.. Facilitated, encouraged, and prompted clients to be part of the N/A, A/A, G/A, S/A meetings promoting a healthy drug free lifestyle and enhance their quality of life, always reminding them of the importance of focusing on their goals and working a program that best suited their recovery.. Counseled clients individually, family setting, and in groups as needed and requested by clients.. Providing a 24 hour crisis intervention, using cellular provided by the agency.. Worked well within a team setting or individually for an ACT team (Assertive Community Treatment) where 80% of the services were provided within the community.. Under the rules and regulation of OASAS, OMH, DOH, Dept.. of Health, SAMHSA, HRA, NYCHA, Section 8 as well as resources, government offices, and referring one stop organizations or agencies that provided assistance for clients Advocated at state and local events reminding the politicians, congress, senators, and assembly of the importance of public, state, city and private funding to continue providing services in district.. Implemented goals that were realistic and tailored by the clients.. Daily documentation of any progress, updates, changes of services, or significant events were documents for a caseload of 16-24 clients.. Documentation was completed and submitted within a timely manner. I'm proficient at various agencies worked and volunteered and interned fr mayor bill di blasio cit advocate leticia james bronx congress jose senarator, ssi, and speaking.]
17021141, [I got my master of business administration in human service management from human service management. I have 1 work experiences.  ]
15337481, [I got my associate of science in health administration from el centro community college city. As a Inside Sale Representative, I worked from 06/2004 to now.And my major duty is Made daily outbound sales calls as a source for leads determined by qualifying accounts.. Solicit revenue opportunities from new and existing users (exclusive of charge accounts handled by outside sales professional).. Assist in the implementation of marketing strategies nationally.. Set up of accounts and application of discount codes where approved.. Act as a liaison between customers and field operations to ensure optimal service levels were continuously met.. Assist with special projects as assigned. I'm proficient at sales, customer service, and collections.]
75950464, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology city   state psychology from sul ross state university. As a Writing tutor/ editor, I worked from August 2014 to December 2014. And my major duty is Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.Reviewed and edited students' written work for grammar, tone, voice and creative quality. I'm proficient at and printshop, microsoft word power point, and did outreach work to find and recruit migrant families.]
19518606, [I got my  in systems administration   networks from pima community college. As a Assistant Supervisor, And my major duty is Maintained contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers to ensure that dining details are handled properly and customers' concerns are addressed.. Speak with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service, to respond to complaints, or to make conversation.. Assigned patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation so that servers receive an appropriate number of seatings.. Checked with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any problems.. Presented menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making recommendations upon request.. Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup. I'm proficient at team leadership, customer experience, and training.]
15727656, [I got my associate of arts in psychology from truckee community college. As a Technician III, I worked from 01/2001 to 04/2007. And my major duty is Interview and explain laws, regulations and policies to customers.. Evaluate individuals for physical and mental abilities to operate motor vehicles.. Oversee technicians who were in training for driver's license for durations of three months at a time.. Provide customer service tactfully and diplomatically in difficult situations. I'm proficient at peer counseling, e mail, and customer service.]
31242382, [I got my associate of science in computer science from southern university. As a Seaman Recruit, I worked from May 2010 to June 2011. And my major duty is Fulfilled the responsibilities of a Seaman Recruit in US Navy basic training program.. Selected to lay watch over entire division.. Selected as Guidon for my division. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
29173771, [I got my high school diploma in child development from mcalester high school. As a Assistant Teacher, And my major duty is Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies.. Delivered group teaching in classroom setting and implemented individual student support.. Worked with teachers to design lesson plans and coordinate activities for classes, consistently noting successful ideas and identifying areas for improvement.. Pursued professional development opportunities to cultivate further understanding of considerations governing productive learning environments.. Performed staff monitoring duties such as overseeing recess, lunch and daily student intake and dismissal.. Kept records of student progress for teachers and parents, including details such as behavior, grades, comprehension and personal growth.. Took over class for regular classroom teacher, managing assignments, student needs and recordkeeping.. Assisted teachers with classroom management and document coordination to maintain positive learning environment.. Completed daily reports, meal count sheets and attendance logs.. Worked under direction of licensed teacher in and outside of classroom. I'm proficient at parental training, leadership, and family services.]
19108760, [I got my master of public administration in political science   and urban planning from fairleigh dickinson university. As a MEDICAL REPRESENTATIVE, I worked from August 1997 to December 2005. And my major duty is Persuasively sell the concept of testing for Hep B and Hep C via diagnostic test to targeted physicians.. Hospital sales (buy and bill) anti-infective market place.. Field Representative Insurance Market Advisor for the Northeast  region, coordinating real time customer activity with the marketing team for the development of sales material and strategy.. Network of relationships within the Federal and State Government community.. Operating room sales experience.. Directed an aggressive risk management & patient education program for weight loss medication, and initiated growth in a territory severely affected by negative media campaigns.. Conduct primary Medicaid reimbursement research to increase corporate profit.. Trained specialty representatives on working community/teaching hospitals and long-term care accounts for new corporate initiative, 2004.. Completed "Management Skills Development" Seminar, 2000 Area Sales Trainer for the Northeast Region, December 2001 Achieved 100% of call quota,  121% bonus requirements, and Ranked 10% nationally.. Maintain formulary status in the Hudson, Essex and Bergen county hospitals.. Detailed oral medications in the following disciplines: endocrinology, cardiology, diabetes, pain management, and infectious diseases, urology, blood-related disorders.. Researched market competition and developed presentations to stay ahead of  the key players in the market place.. Managing cross functional groups, cross business group and other forms of working that cross the traditional vertical business units in order to increase sales.. Proven success and positive track record of consistent sales performance in complex markets and diverse customer segments.. Knowledge / experience with Medicare Part D, and VA selling.. Responsible for all aspects of educating & training sales representatives.. Design Sales and Marketing plan to enhance revenues of existing accounts while also developing goals to build new accounts.. Analyzed current selling market and modify current simulated selling environment to the needs of the organization.. Knowledge of sales processes and sales training.. Knowledge of the reimbursement and fulfillment pathways for injectable medications. I'm proficient at caregiver, forms, and business development.]
14708590, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from florida state college. As a Service Advocate IV- Enrollment Maintenance and Billing, I worked from 03/2007 to 08/2013. And my major duty is Knowledge of all lines of Over 65, MIPPA, MedAdvantage, Under 65 Healthcare Reform plans to include BlueCare HMO, Blue Options PPO, Blue Select PPO, Underwritten plans, Ancillary products such as Dental and Life.. Document, monitor and track call performance for compliance. Create, track and implement any identified process improvement items.. Create reports to upper management to identify any delays or estimated completion dates or actual implementations.. Monitor Inventory for timeliness, research any outliers.. Prepare SQM research, collecting and summarizing data, identifying trends and root cause analysis.. Serve as a SME for internal and external customers to resolve consumer market enrollment, maintenance, membership and billing issues.. Leader of the Senior Market Continuous Improvement Team: Supports continuous improvement efforts through the early identification, investigation and resolution of problems by communicating and coordinating with the appropriate contacts for completion.. Serving on a Process improvement work group. Project management and implementation process improvement items.. Monitor Supervisor callbacks and multiple locations for timeliness and completion within metrics and handle escalated issues, etc.. Invoices and reconciles premium income.. Maintain knowledge for government and regulatory laws and changes. I'm proficient at healthcare claims authorization, computerized and paper claims submission people skills advanced problem solving, and great organizational skills.]
77439230, [I got my bba   business administration human resources management in business administration human resources management from university of new mexico. As a HRIS Administrator, I worked from September 2008 to November 2010. And my major duty is Managed the Leave of Absence and FMLA process.. Determine eligibility, processed employee requests, tracked FMLA leave taken and remaining hours for approved intermittent use and close-out file upon completion.. Coordinated Workman's Compensation claims from initial accident reports through medical treatment and return to work documentation.. Acted as a liaison between Liberty Mutual, SITEL and claimant.. Supported benefits administration for on site and home based employees, including open enrollment, new hire orientation and qualifying events.. Guided on site employee recognition programs including, employee referral bonus and service awards ceremonies.. Mediated, documented and resolved employee relations issues.. Maintained personnel file compliance for both on site and home based employees.. Championed campaigns for community outreach; Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF), United Way, Toys for Tots and Road Runner food bank.. Initiated employee involvement and participation. I'm proficient at leadership, negotiation, and insurance.]
40088790, [I got my bachelor   s degree in social work from st   bridget   s college. As a Telephone Banker/ Customer Service Representative, I worked from Oct 2007 to Jun 2009. And my major duty is Answered inbound calls pertaining to customers questions and concerns regarding their accounts.. Serviced customers existing accounts.. Recommended new products and services.. Overcame customers banking concerns which include some escalated issues by recommending solutions and by providing utmost client experience.. Achieved aggressive sales goals which were measured in daily basis.. Maintained a well balanced performancein the field of Sales and Customer Satisfactions.. Referred customers to specialists when necessary.. Assisted supervisors and managers in retaining new and existing employees.. Served as a mentor shadower to other telephone bankers and customer service representatives.. Assisted supervisors in coaching other bankers and customer service representatives.. Provided and shared best practices to fellow employees. I'm proficient at leadership, negotiation skills, and interpersonal skills.]
22042181, [I got my behavioral science in behavioral science from wilmington university. As a Underwriting Assistant, And my major duty is Acted as a liaison to verify, research, track and monitor specific case issues.. Prepared information into MGU from specific, aggregate, benefits, and census reports.. Reviewed census, specific, and aggregate reports for correct calculations.. Followed up with client request and acted as a liaison for the customer and underwriter.. Provided support to underwriters in the quotation process for new business.. Gathered and input data into Sales and Underwriting systems to monitor and track quote activity. I'm proficient at sharepoint, citrix, and ibm.]
29415426, [I got my bachelor of arts in political science from university of new orleans. As a Student Administrative Assistant Vice Chancellor, I worked from Sep 2001 to Sep 2004. And my major duty is Independently created database and audited university resident alien files in university's HR department during free time, which saved the university a minimum of $200,000 in potential fines. Managed the university's utilities, legal bills, and contract database. Created and maintained database for university's Business Travel Account I'm proficient at and administrative skills, customer service, and management.]
37333719, [I got my master of social work in social work from fordham university. As a Social Work Intern, And my major duty is Developed and implemented curriculum on issues of domestic violence, sexual assault and self-esteem for male and female support groups. I'm proficient at curriculum development, group facilitation, and active listening.]
15313140, [I got my master of arts in psychology from university of utah. As a Salon Sales and Service Representative, And my major duty is Identify prospective customers by using business directories, following leads from existing clients, and attending trade shows and conferences.. Assist new salon owners in all aspects of the business, including product and equipment purchase, software requirements, licensing requirements, marketing strategies, and more.. Estimate or quote prices for tanning beds, tanning bulbs, service maintenance, credit terms, warranties, and delivery dates.. Arrange and direct delivery and installation of products and tanning equipment.. Consult with clients after sales or tanning bed installs to resolve problems and to provide ongoing support. I'm proficient at processes, staffing, and employee training.]
13072354, [I got my bachelor of the arts in psychology and justice studies forensics from university of new hampshire. As a Server, I worked from January 2006 to Current. And my major duty is Formed long-lasting relationships with customers and coworkers in a fast-paced, multitasking environment.. Awarded with additional responsibilities over time; was working as a cook, bus person, waitress and dishwasher while also supervising other employees.. Learned valuable customer service skills and time management skills. I'm proficient at supervising, risk assessment, and training.]
20544228, [I got my bachelors   behavior science in behavior science from metro community college. As a Clinic Clerk, I worked from December 2000 to August 2002. And my major duty is Promptly schedule or check in and check out patients for appointments or make specialty and referral appointments.. Maintain all medical records up to date and send to other medical facilities upon request.. Collect, handle, and process medical insurance, accept co-pays and payments for clinic visits.. Set up new charts and prepare for the following day.. Assist in handling management functions to maintain a constant streamline Receive, organize and preserve vital patient information in an orderly manner Make certain stationary and basic office equipment available at all times Maintain calendar for doctors of their visits, schedules, appointments and seminars In house translator for patients, physicians and nurses. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and receiving.]
30741799, [I got my master of social work in  from delaware county community college city. As a Foster care assistant, And my major duty is Assisted with the care of 3 medical and special needs children, within the foster system.. Effectively maintained and fed 2 children through a Gastrostomy tube.. .Provided respite care for a child with autism and a heart defect I'm proficient at active listener, boundary setting, and independent.]
17847636, [I got my medical administrative assistant in health service administration from bryant   stratton college. As a BILLING DOCUMENT SPECIALIST, I worked from May 2006 to March 2013. And my major duty is Responsible for the data entry of orders for Durable Medical Equipment dispensed from Advocate Hospital Emergency Rooms and Doctor's Offices.. Applying the correct ICD-9 code and code coordinate based on the equipment provided.. Responsible for answering and dispatching calls within the facility using Alcatel Overhead paging as well as through the phones.. Assisted patients with questions in regards to their delivery of equipment or other services provided.. Assisted walk-in patients with picking up or returning equipment.. Created Letters and Certificates of Medical Necessity for Durable Medical and Respiratory Equipment.. Contacted Physician's Offices to obtain this form of documentation for billing purposes.. Searched data base for appropriate diagnosis codes, ABN's, and other signed physician's orders in order to provide proof for billing to patient's insurance provider.. Volunteer experience WLQ Committee- 3 years Respect Initiative Committee 2 yrs.. Researched CPT and ICD-9 coding discrepancies for compliance and reimbursement accuracy. I'm proficient at medical terminology, ehr, and e mail.]
80503242, [I got my masters of science in biological sciences from . As a Senior Planning Analyst, I worked from Jan 2006 to Jun 2007. And my major duty is Conducted online competitive analysis in order to identify competitor strategies on specific site and system growth initiatives.. Created and presented market assessments and recommendations to executive management based on analytic results.. Analyzed physician loyalty and market share.I worked from Jan 2006 to Aug 2006. And my major duty is Interim Director of CRM Data Warehouse.  Managed CRM Data Warehouse budget for system and hospital initiatives.  Developed CRM projects to determine return on investment for the Marketing department and other departments within Strategic Planning and Growth.  Identified internal customers' needs, collected data obtaining the customers' objectives using CRM database, and interpreted the results to assist in strategic planning and marketing.. Developed and conducted CRM training for planning,CRM Analyst and internal customers, which entailed: data sources, relational databases, setting theories, building filters/queries, creating mail lists, and generating standard reports producing demographic profiles and encounter analysis for determining ROI.. Created SQL reports using CRM database.. Filtered data from Allegra, IDX, Contact Center Database, Credentialing Office, Physician Lists, and other internal customer/patient source lists.. Analyzed and compiled results in an organized report, and presented data for system/departmental strategic planning. I'm proficient at sharepoint, implement innovative solutions to manage and improve patient health strategies include incorporating wearable apps in patient portal, and business development.]
26456474, [I got my associate of applied science in nursing from brown mackie college. As a Phlebotomist, And my major duty is Obtain venous blood samples from a variety of patients aging from infants to geriatrics.. Experience in heel sticks to hard sticks.. 10 yrs   Inpatient/ Outpatient experience. I'm proficient at i enjoy challenging sticks i try my best at being the best enjoy working as a team or self if needed, iv care management, and etc.]
10818478, [I got my business   computers in business   computers from camden county high school. As a Radio Shack, I worked from November 2013 to January 2015. And my major duty is Operated a cash register to process cash, check and credit card transactions.. Computed sales prices, total purchases and processed payments.. Described merchandise and explain operation of merchandise to customers.. Replenished floor stock and processed shipments to ensure product availability for customers.. Facilitated monthly and quarterly physical inventory counts.. Administered all point of sale opening and closing procedures.. Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments.. Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. I'm proficient at detail oriented merchandising, self motivated, and interpersonal skills.]
24124250, [I got my associate degree   applied science in applied science from robert morris university. As a Provider Relations Representative, I worked from Jul 1997 to Apr 2002. And my major duty is Responsible for recruiting physicians for the PHO (Physician Hospital Organization).. Resolved member and provider inquires.. Visit, and educate physician's office staff related to managed care changes.. Conducted physician staff orientation and in-services on a quarterly basis.. Communicated policy and procedure changes to physicians and their staff.. Identified and developed action plans for operational needs.. Handled resolution of credentialing issues from Managed Care Organizations.. Facilitated the resignation and termination of physicians with the Provider Health Organization.. Acted as an administrative liaison for seven Provider Health Organization's.. Oversaw the accuracy of operational issues related to providers, and members in relation to referral processing, claims payments, capitation payments, fee schedules, dictionary updates and provider listings. I'm proficient at midas, home health and sbo, and passport ecare.]
37640804, [I got my bachelor of science   bsn   bachelor   s of science in nursing in nursing from loyola university. As a Nursing Care Technician II on Medical/Cardiac ICU and Interventional Unit, And my major duty is Nursing Care Technician/Unit Secretary (Dual Role) for a 33-bed Medical/Cardiac/Interventional ICU floor. Providing basic patient care  including: blood glucose monitoring, obtaining patient vitals, and assisting patients with bathing and grooming (Activities of Daily Life). Competent in phlebotomy work and can perform 12-lead EKG on patients. Provide assistance to the nurses to execute direct patient care which may include wound care dressing, complete patient baths or assisting in physical therapy. Able to perform unit secretarial duties including admitting, transferring, and discharging a patient, preparing patient charts, and handling/directing phone calls. I'm proficient at powerpoint, therapy and treatment, and highly organized with excellent communication skills.]
27182111, [I got my master of science   midwifery in midwifery from mennonite college of nursing. As a Nursing/Manager's assistant, And my major duty is Provided first aid.. Monitored health and sanitation procedures throughout the camp.. administered.. Presided at all health checks and followed up on any problems seen in the Health Center. I'm proficient at leadership, vaccine, and equipment maintenance.]
11174187, [I got my rn diploma in rn diploma illinois masonic school of nursing from illinois masonic school of nursing. As a RN / Asst. Head Nurse Practice Leader, And my major duty is Responsible for management of Unit on 24 hr basis including staffing, scheduling, and payroll.. Monitor staff of RN's, NCT's, and Unit Clerks for daily assignments on going learning needs, and occasionally fill staff RN voids.. Reported to Nurse Manager on daily basis for any additional tasks and to keep her current to Units activities and problems.. Helped Nurse Manager in interview process and in both disciplinary activity and in employee terminations .Sought out and scheduled in-services for staff  and made sure all staff attended required hospital mandatories yearly and when required.And my major duty is Started nursing career as RN on general Med / Surg Unit for 2 years.. Recruited by MD Chairman of Oncology to be part of staff to open 1st Oncology inpatient Unit.. Promoted also to Assistant Head Nurse.. Worked there for next 20 years.. Earned OCN certificate.. Helped instruct all RNs on unit to become certified to mix Chemo drugs via Laminar Flow Hood and to administer drugs safely and monitor for side effects and manage such symptoms.. Beside management duties was also responsible for taking a patient load on many days during the week.. In 1999 changed to Surgical / 23hr Observation Unit at Illinois Masonic Med Center as Staff RN.. After approximately 4 years promoted to Practice Leader,(equal to Asst.. Head RN ) Duties expanded as Computers installed to all Units.. Responsible for computer profiency and scheduling staff to Computer Classes and monitoring their progress in daily charting on patients.. Attended workshops to learn computer scheduling and payroll duties.. Attended 2 day seminar for PICC LINE insertion and management.. At one point headed the PICC LINE program for all the PICC RNs and kept the records for all PICCs placed in patients and any complications and later problems,  Became Nationally certified for Med / Surg Nursing after taking exam and passing.. Types of Surgical patients seen on thisUnit include Gyne, Urology, General Surgical, Trauma, Post SICU Head and Neck, General ENT patients and Fetal Demises less than 20 weeks.. Due to the number of private rooms on the unit we also would take all types of Isolation including R/O TB into our Negative Air Flow room.. Many of the patients were short stay anywhere from overnight to 2-3 days.. Some of the patients as overflow Medicals, Isolation, and the more extensive Head and Neck Surgical patients would stay 4-5 days or more.. As a result this Unit was fast paced.. Many days up to half the unit would be discharged and within 1-2 shifts all the beds would be filled with new patients.. My main job on a daily basis was to manage placing patients correctly and to oversee assignment of competent staff to the types of patients coming in.. I made frequent rounds to assure pt satisfaction and to quickly aid in preventing and problems from escalating.. I had to monitor staff learning needs and try to set up needed review or Unit based in-service and also try to send staff to outside learning seminars as budget allowed.. On daily basis was responsible for checking" State of the Unit " printed daily and included all the areas of staff charting that was missing or incorrect.. I would make sure all shifts of staff were aware of missing documentation and have them correct such or help them with correction as needed.. Attended staffing daily to make sure last minute changes done and next two shifts had adequate staffing. I'm proficient at nurse manager, triage, and tutoring.]
47133747, [I got my b   s   business management in business management from kaplan university. As a Hollywood video - Store Manager, I worked from 01/1998 to now. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and processes.]
10659182, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology from governor state university. As a Health Clerk, I worked from Aug 2001 to Aug 2004. And my major duty is Performed various administrative duties; and assisted in student registration Responsible for record keeping, appointment setting, greetings, phones, and supply inventory Responsible for application of first aid treatment (if required) Administered medications to students with mental disorders Monitored treatments as well as compiled data, and maintained student documents Conducted vision and hearing screenings Interviewed parents for IEP meetings. I'm proficient at medical terminology, blood pressure, and meal prep.]
35344611, [I got my b   a   psychology in psychology from ashford university. As a New Hire Supervisor, I worked from 01/2005 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Responsible for staffing call center of 550 associates with 30 New Hire Classes (20 associates per class) within 2 quarters of fiscal year; while maintaining a 80 percent retention rate.. Provided New Hire Policies & Procedure and Customer Satisfaction Training to approximately 350 employees.. Conducted orientation sessions and arranged on-the-job training for new hires.. Developed and organized testing, training, evaluation procedures, multimedia visual aids, and other new hire materials.. Directed the development of a comprehensive training strategy, methodology, programs and curriculum for management opportunity, employee development and technical training.. Performed administrative duties that may include tracking associates attendance, payroll processing, inputting assessment results, and reviewing Knowledge checks.. Maintained a database detailing employee training dates, types of training, qualification and recertification dates.. Conferred with management and conducted surveys and focus groups to identify training needs based on projected production processes, changes, and other factors.. Evaluated instructor's performance and the effectiveness of training programs and provide recommendations for improvement.. Observed and monitored associates skills and behaviors during training; worked in conjunction with the classroom trainer in formulating weekly assessment by providing feedback on comprehension, strengths and opportunities.. Collaborated with Human Resources in defining individual employee development plans for supervisors and managers by evaluating capabilities and implementing effective solutions. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and instructor.]
13342150, [I got my bachelors of arts in bachelors of arts from harrington college of design. As a Customer Service Sales Associate, I worked from 01/1996 to now.And my major duty is Fielded an average of 150 customer service calls per day.. Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.. Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently.. Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.. Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.. Extended customer subscriptions, offering discounts and promotions to ensure high customer retention rates.. Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.. Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.. Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level standards. I'm proficient at medical terminology, maintains strict confidentiality, and strong work ethic.]
28111403, [I got my b   a     psychology in psychology from bethany college. As a Youth Leader, I worked from Jun 1995 to Apr 1996. And my major duty is ➢ Provided one-on-one and group supervision to children with severe behavioral problems. ➢ Developed behavior modification plans to increase positive behaviors of the children. I'm proficient at human resources, teaching quality control, and market research and analysis.]
34327438, [I got my bsl llb in cyber laws from . As a Senior Executive Compliance, I worked from 01/2012 to now.And my major duty is Acting as in-house counsel and preparing legal letters and notices and drafting and vetting service agreements, non-disclosure agreements, digital marketing partners engagement agreements, broker agreements, intermediary agreements, procurement agreements, employment contracts, licensing agreements etc.. Extending opinion and advises on host of operational, regulatory and legal issues concerning business operations.. Also responsible for preparing agendas for board meetings, preparing analysis reports, departmental summaries, performance summary of the company and drafting other communications as required by the management of the company.. Managing correspondence with the regulatory authority: drafting replies to show cause notices, maintaining record of communications, managing response and submissions to insurance regulators circulars and notifications.. 16 May -14 June 2011	LAKSHMIKUMARAN & SRIDHARAN, Mumbai Legal research on Finance Act viz.. Importation of Services and Taxation of various Services, Operating Lease, Finance Lease and reversal of Cenvat Credit.. Preparing first draft of legal opinions and appeals to the Appellate Tribunal.. 18 April - 14 May 2011	KHAITAN AND PARTNERS, Kolkata A team of three interns and an associate were involved in the study of legal formalities to be complied with by a foreign listed company willing to establish an office in India.. This involved an extensive research on Companies Act, Competition Laws and Securities and Compliance Laws, Securities and Exchange Board of India and Reserve Bank of India Acts, Rules and Guidelines and other Tax Treaties.. It further involved relevant case study and finally drafting roadmap documentation for establishing such business in India.. The final leg of the internship involved drafting standard documentation of various legal filings for permissions and company's incorporation documents which were then taken up for tailored amendments and execution by Senior Associates and Partners.. 10 May - 28 May 2010	VAISH ASSOCIATES, Gurgaon The internship involved legal Research on Company Law, Joint Venture rules, Mergers and Acquisitions laws and Securities and Exchange Board of India Regulations and finally preparing a presentation on required filings, permissions, disclosures and minimum eligibility criterion.I worked from 05/2008 to now.And my major duty is Delhi.. Mr.. Singh is a member on the committee of consultants on Indirect Tax Reforms.. The internship involved assisting a team of qualified stakeholders in research and preparing a report on the Value Added Tax provisions of the proposed Goods and Service Tax Bill by studying and identifying the provisions in the existing legislation which are impacting the ease of doing business as well as identifying the areas and provision of the Act for simplification in the light of existing jurisprudence. I'm proficient at finance, team management, and insurance.]
15958967, [I got my associate of applied science   nursing in journalism from richard j   daley college. As a Nurse Clinician II (RN), I worked from 05/1994 to 02/2010. And my major duty is Specialized in Pediatric Intensive Care Unit & Pediatric Surgical Heart Unit.. Responsible for the complete nursing process of critically ill or injured patients in a Level I Trauma Unit and pre and post-surgical patients in Pediatric Cardiac Surgical Unit.. Extensively trained to deliver the most sophisticated level of treatment and surgical expertise in Trauma, Complex Pediatric Cardiac Surgery, Neonatal, and General Pediatrics.. Successfully performed extensive RN role within cardiology specialty, exhibiting expertise in clinical anatomy and physiology, thorough understanding of surgical interventions and corrective procedures, while encompassing professional and compassionate patient care. ​​ ]
13115648, [I got my bachlor of science   sociology in psychology from university of west georgia. As a Child Advocate for Foster Children, I worked from October 2013 to July 2014. And my major duty is Establish a relationship with the child to better understand the child's needs and desires. Develop a relationship with the court dependent child by meeting with him/her on a weekly basis.. Provide a positive role model for the child while teaching him/her self-confidence, trust, and other developmental behaviors.. Support the child throughout court proceedings and explain the court proceedings to the child. Review available records regarding the child's family history, school behavior, medical or mental health history, etc.. Identify and explore potential resources that will facilitate family preservation, early family reunification, or alternative permanency planning.. Interview all parties involved with the child regarding the child's circumstances and needs.. Communicate the child's needs to the court in written reports and recommendation.. Ensure that the court-approved plans for the child are being implemented.. Investigate the interest of the child in judicial or administrative proceedings outside of juvenile court.. Communicate and coordinate efforts with the child's social worker, probation officer, and attorney I'm proficient at project management relationship builder professional attitude marketing multi task management, academic advisement team leader effectivecommunicator, and client relations creative problem solving customer service.]
46772262, [I got my master of science   nursing in nursing from richland community college. As a Staff Nurse, I worked from May 2007 to Jun 2008. And my major duty is Medical/Surgical.. Participated in team nursing by working hand and hand with a Registered Nurse and a Certified Nurses Aid to provide the best patient care possible.. Provided aide for the Registered Nurse, ie: wound treatment care, blood administration, and assessment findings. I'm proficient at value teamwork, listen intently, and i am confident in my ability to navigate computers.]
38059130, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in  from alcorn state university. As a Store Manager, I worked from 01/1988 to 01/1996. And my major duty is Managed 24hr location. Generated $13 million in sales annually, supervising and motivating 46 employees. Proven record increasing sales volume and gross profit by governing purchasing cost, controlling shrink and reducing payroll & expenses. I'm proficient at organizational development, training, and staffing.]
24695561, [I got my bachelor of science in electronic engineering technology bachelor of science electronic engineering technology from missouri institute of technology. As a Team Manager and Regional Manager,  I'm proficient at leadership, speaking, and imaging.]
93512385, [I got my bsba   finance economics in finance economics from chaminade julienne catholic high school. As a Pro Shop Crew Member, I worked from 06/2013 to now.And my major duty is Managed various daily duties; caddy for members, cart and range management, and train new employees. I'm proficient at office, managing, and insurance.]
38698573, [I got my business administration in business administration from miami dade college. As a Negotiator, And my major duty is Responsible for maintaining 250 files.. According to the file I would start up or continue the mitigation process with lender on behalf of client's.. Photocopied, verified, & faxed paperwork.. Prepared packages, spoke with lenders and clients.. Submitted various forms and documents on client's behalf to lenders in hopes of receiving a modification.. Answered various calls at a time and solved all questions and concerns in a timely matter. I'm proficient at procedure compliance, report preparation, and networking and partnership development.]
18090899, [I got my bachelor of arts   us history in us history from emory university. As a Litigation Legal Assistant, I worked from 07/2016 to 08/2017. And my major duty is Voted best legal assistant in the litigation department. I'm proficient at business development, familiarity with multiple crm, and ffamiliarity with multiple crm.]
23804341, [I got my associate of arts   business administration in business administration from american international university. As a Certified Medical Assistant, I worked from 09/2000 to 09/2012. And my major duty is Collected and documented patient medical information such as blood pressure and weight. Enhanced patient outcomes by providing knowledgeable education on procedures, medications and other physician instructions. Called and faxed pharmacies to submit prescriptions and refills. Documented vital signs and health history. Sanitized, restocked and organized exam rooms and medical equipment. Directed patients to exam rooms, fielded questions and prepared for physician examinations. Directed patients to examining rooms and coordinated transportation assistance as necessary. Gathered forms, copied insurance cards and to collect patient information for billing and insurance filing. Obtained client medical history, including medication information, symptoms and allergies. Updated inventory, expiration and vaccine logs to maintain current tracking documentation. Assessed, documented and monitored vital signs for more than 20 patients per day. Collected and documented patient medical information such as blood pressure and weight.. Assisted with routine checks and diagnostic testing by collecting and processing specimens. I'm proficient at office administration, customer service, and completing insurance forms.]
29177904, [I got my master of science in management human resources from olivet nazarene university. As a Executive Assistant, I worked from 10/2000 to 03/2001. And my major duty is Provided administrative support to President of Home Health Maintained President's calendar in Microsoft Outlook.. Trained all new/current Provena Home Health employees to be proficient in Outlook.. Scheduled appointments and meetings.. Prepared meeting packets.. Created tracking spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel.. Prepared Power Point presentations and packets for Board Committee meetings Transcribed/compiled meeting minutes. I'm proficient at decision making, newsletter, and presentations.]
17911230, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration   information technology in business administration   information technology from robert morris university. As a Manager of Retail Systems, Project Manager and Trainer, I worked from January 1997 to January 2005. And my major duty is Managed associates involving workflow, quality control, and conflict resolution and review process.. Supervised the direction of multiple third party vendors in the development of corporate projects.. Business liaison between external store automation and corporate business units.. Trained True Value employees, trainers and members on corporate software projects under my control and direction.. Project Manager for a $1 million ground up in-store catalog/ordering system reaching 1000+ users.. Coordinated a 40 member team in multiple states for over a two year period.. Responsible for departmental management and direction with profit dollars in excess of $6.5 million revenue. I'm proficient at leadership, instructor, and direction.]
19926135, [I got my associate of arts   psychology city   state   usa governor   s state university december      bachelor of health administration in psychology from prairie state jr   college. As a Mortgage Consultant, I worked from January 2002 to January 2011. And my major duty is Originated residential mortgages locally, including home purchases, refinance transactions, new construction and small commercial lending working closing with clients and staff.. Compiled required documentation for quick expediting and processing conducive with underwriting guidelines.. Formed synergistic relationships with industry partners in core market. I'm proficient at patient oriented, strong interpersonal skills, and government relations knowledge.]
44115326, [I got my b   s   computer science in computer science from computer science. As a UNIX/AIX Linux System Engineer, And my major duty is Data center support for AIX (5.3/6.1)/Linux (red-hat enterprise (4/5) ) platforms. Monitoring TIBCO, Java and Oracle application running on UNIX server. Analyzing the issues with the application and perform action to fix it, by interacting responsible person's. Administration, Troubleshooting and monitoring AIX /Linux servers running business critical application like WEBSPHERE(WAS) 6.x,/7.x IBM DB2, oracle10g/11g, Apache TOMCAT, JBOSS, ORACLEAPP, Blade logic & JAVA. Responsible for designing, Implementing disaster recovery planning and policies in VIO sever (Aix 5.3/ 6.1) and VMWARE (Redhat Linux) environment. Closely working with application teams on ORACLE, WEBSPHERE, JAVA, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat and XML. Applying the Security patches and doing all the change management. Managing legato net backup and TSM storage server. Responsible for managing Cisco, hp router, switches and terminal server. Perform migration from AIX 5.3 TO 6.1 and LINUX REDHAT ES 4.0 TO 5.0. Responsible for building Testing, development and production server. Supporting Linux RedHat in High Availability web environment. Prepare documentation for all procedures and actions. Developed KSH, AWK, SED & PERL scripts to perform automatic administration tasks. Design, Implement, and maintain multiple, 570,595 DLPARs, virtualization input output server (VIOS) using HMC. Hands on experience with VMware ESX, Virtual Center Server & VM cloning in a SAN environment. Ensuring systems security and data recovery is always maintained.. Setup and maintenance of several EMC Clariion, VMAX array, symmentix storage server(CX300/CX700 and many more ), IBM and NETAPPs storage. Configuring and Administrating NIM, NFS, NIS &LDAP server. Managing AIX, Redhat Linux logical volume manager (LVM) and veritas volume manager (VXVM(/4.x/5.x)). Installed SSH and IPsec on 2600 server as well as upgrades EMC power path. Responsible for maintain Disaster Recover procedure and Policies. Working as team lead on many project. Installation third party application on LINUX /IBM boxes using NFS and NIM. Installing, configuring and troubleshooting HACMP cluster in production environment. Monitor hardware and software using customize tool which develop by Comverse. 7 x 24 support to an engineering/programming community of 100+ users on customer site I'm proficient at volume manager, microsoft iis server, and business requirements.]
75435017, [I got my associate of applied science   nursing in nursing from olive harvey college. As a Staff Nurse, I worked from 06/1993 to 07/2001. And my major duty is Provided quality care to patients on busy Med-Surg unit.. Prepped patient's for surgery. Administered pre-op meds,Maintained NPO status and intravenous access.. Received patients back to unit postoperative and monitored for post -op complications such as shock, sepsis ,bleeding and the effects of analgesia.. Notified Surgeon of any abnormal labs or changes in patient status and carried out orders as received. I'm proficient at critical thinking, adaptability, and strong assessment skills.]
19234823, [I got my bachelor of business administration   finance in finance from north carolina central university. As a Office Administrator Department Manager, And my major duty is Supervised Administrative Staff by allocating work and ensuring deadlines were met.. Hired and Trained Administrative Staff.. Overseen the office and the needs of the staff which includes ordering supplies, setting up offices for new employees and training all employees on company software for processing time and expenses.. Coordinated company meetings.. Researched, coordinated and maintained contracts for maintenance of building, landscaping, office equipment and phone systems/service.. Provided administrative support to staff (typing, phones, filing).. Implemented company accounting software, Deltek Advantage/Vision.. Maintained accurate recording of revenue, invoicing, and cash receipts.. Insured implementation of proper controls and maintain accuracy of accounts receivable system.. Prepared reports of aging and customer statements.. Provided year-end support for audits, financial reports and tax preparation.. Overseen complete account analysis.. Analyzed collection reports and made contact with customers' Accounts Payable Departments to ensure invoices are being processed for payment (collection calls).. Provided reports to Project Managers/Team Leaders to utilize in project budgeting, project progress and performance.. Prepared monthly financial reports.. Generated vendor and employee payments.. Prepared monthly payroll reports for hourly employees.. Provided training and knowledge on the usage of Newforma Software.. Software designed to connect Architecture and Engineering firms to their projects. I'm proficient at financial reporting and analysis, cash flow, and leadership.]
13809698, [I got my mba in healthcare administration management from american intercontinental university. As a Donor Collection Assistant, I worked from 05/2001 to 06/2005. And my major duty is Certified MCS+ Automated Blood Collection Tech.. Performed venipuncture on donors and medical screening.. Professionally provided excellent customer service.. Prepared specimens for analysis and established proper chronological priorities in testing.. Properly calibrated and adjusted malfunctioning equipment to ensure precise test results.. Performed diagnostic and therapeutic laboratory procedures. I'm proficient at as, insurance, and phlebotomy knowledge.]
17254634, [I got my associate of applied science in pharmacy from rasmussen college. As a Cashier / Server, I worked from May 2008 to January 2012. And my major duty is Cross trained as cashier and wait staff in fast-paced restaurant.. Cashing out all orders on the register and retrieving customer's items.. Extensive cash handling in large amounts.. Calculating using basic math to give appropriate amount of change to customers.. Assisted in the training of all new employees.. Delivered exceptional service to all customers in a timely and friendly manner inside dining room and pick up areas of the restaurant.. Served all customer who were dining in their food as well as mixing all alcoholic and non-alcoholic. I'm proficient at meticulous attention to detail, ability to handle fast paced environment, and works well under pressure.]
28871170, [I got my jd in organizational communication nonprofit management from people   s college of law city. As a Family Advocate, I worked from 01/2004 to now.And my major duty is Developed and presented workshops for professionals on needs of high-needs families Worked with homeless families to obtain housing Facilitated cooperative working relationships with other agencies Served as internal consultant to team on special education and disability laws Facilitated cooperative working relationships with other agencies Provided technical assistance to families on policies and procedures. I'm proficient at attorney, business plans, and materials.]
24946537, [I got my marketing   accounting in marketing   accounting from louisiana state university. As a Marketing Coordinator, I worked from 04/1990 to 07/1996. And my major duty is Coordinated resources to craft marketing plans for various projects including product launches and events. Wrote copy that maintained compliance with corporate and legal guidelines. Worked with advertising teams to create, deploy and optimize marketing initiatives for TV customers. Planned events, including tradeshows and vendor fairs, for clients and partners to attend. Built brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and programs. Proofread marketing documentation to check for spelling, grammar and syntax errors. Developed fresh, crisp content to diversify current promotional options I'm proficient at detailed oriented, positive outlook, and admall.]
28635795, [I got my bachelor of academic law in bachelor of academic law   law from j   s   s law college. As a SERVICE, I worked from January 2008 to January 2011. And my major duty is Conducted seminars and presentations regarding the importance of small family size, health education, and financial literacy.. Facilitated success of social service programs aimed at improving the status of women.. Aided in relief and rehabilitation efforts during periods of national calamity. I'm proficient at speaking, prime, and processes.]
24763208, [I got my bachelor   s   social work in social work from suffolk county community college. As a ASSITANT STORE MANGER, I worked from Jan 1992 to Jan 1996. And my major duty is I supported the manager in the duties of the kiosk. Displayed and sold merchandise to customer. Helped achieve stores sales goals. I'm proficient at sales goals, training, and patience.]
17165107, [I got my master of science   applied clinical nutrition in biology from new york chiropractic college. As a Clinical Support Assistant, I worked from Feb 2005 to Dec 2008. And my major duty is - Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team on a daily basis to help assist in the care of patients on the bone marrow transplant unit.. - Performed administrative duties including triaging phone calls, managing appointments and lab order entry. I'm proficient at microsoft office excel, powerpoint, and health and fitness speaker.]
65708020, [I got my bachelor of science   marketing and legal studies in business in marketing and legal studies in business from duquesne university. As a Business Development Associate, I worked from January 2003 to May 2006. And my major duty is Developed and implemented cold calling strategies to increase client base.. Identified market trends to maximize revenue.. Focused on customer retention to maintain market share.. Built long-term client relationships to position the business for growth. ]
36805025, [I got my bachelor of science   information systems information systems in information systems information systems from strayer university. As a Regional Account Manager, I worked from January 1997 to January 1999. And my major duty is Successfully established relationships with new accounts in multi-regional territory.. Managed account base of over 267 (1999), which is an increase of 219 accounts from 1997.. Developed strategic referral system which provided continuous leads for new business development.. Received "President's Club Award" for two consecutive years.. Achieved Top Account Manager Status from 1997 Q2 - 1998 Q2. I'm proficient at negotiation, presenting, and mgmt.]
13080868, [I got my  in biology from unm. As a Business Management, And my major duty is Lead management team. Developed guest loyalty programs. Developed guest satisfaction procedures. Developed and implemented policy and procedure manuals. Created recipe guides and plating procedures for 14 units to maintain consistency. Created all print and marketing materials. Created and maintained social media and maintained website changes. Corporate Trainer. Lead in training, motivating, and coaching of over 1000 staff members. Help others to see the potential in themselves. Help others to take the steps necessary to advance in the company. Developed training manuals. Developed job descriptions for every position within the company. Worked with chefs to create recipes and specials to keep things fresh while maintaining cost controls. Retail Product Development. Help develop retail product, packaging and labels. Helped worked with food processing authorities to establish shelf stability, ingredient and nutritional information for labels. Helped worked with retailers to establish brand in the market. Big box stores. Retail grocers. Convenient stores. Met with national buyers to sell products. Developed promotional and sales programs. Created POS material. Presented annual deals and purchase incentives. Set up co-marketing with national brands. Participated in product demos. Took product to national food shows. Represented product in national cooking competitions I'm proficient at training manuals, cooking, and business development.]
20748929, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from stony brook university. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Open and close store, involving responsibilities of security/loss prevention, and cash handling.. Develop daily planners by generating daily gross and itemized goals along with an hourly projected analysis of the business.. Manage store's cash handling including, but not limited to, purchases, returns, voids, and no sales.. Perform safety and loss prevention audits on a daily basis.. Developed a Sales and Service Leader tracker to observe productivity made on a month-to-date and year-to-date basis that was rolled out metro-wide.. Improved Key Performance Indicators all around (+19% ADS, +11% IPC, +32% SPH) and decreased ratio of returns to sales from .19 to .14.. Facilitate proper communication between all levels of management (corporate and store) and sales staff.. Consistently motivate and drive the sales staff to exceed store goals through the delivery of performance reviews and evaluations.. Schedule shifts for sales associates and managers.. Oversee all hiring and training of new sales associates, with a careful intent for maintaining company expectations.. Lead seasonal store meetings involving educating sales staff on new product while revisiting and reaffirming core values of the company.. Direct all merchandising and marketing of the store, including floor moves every 2 weeks along with additional seasonal changes. I'm proficient at budget planning, google, and contract negotiation.]
26581830, [I got my state general studies in state general studies from front range community college. As a Project Administrator, I worked from September 2006 to December 2011. And my major duty is Responsible for creating and maintaining project records, hard and electronic copies, transmitting them accordingly to internal and or external customers.. Create and maintain budget reports on all active jobs. Supporting the project managers with any additional reports, scheduling, RFI's, purchasing, create and update job submittal packets and operation manuals coordinate training for internal and external customer. I'm proficient at managing multiple priorities, letters and memos, and speaking.]
38688388, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration from university of colorado city. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Supported the attainment of daily goals by assisting in overseeing the coordination and execution of sales, customer service and inventory management functions.. Supervised and support a team of sales associated, training and coaching them on sales and marketing techniques.. Tracked shipments and inventory levels, developed promotional marketing campaigns and monitored sales to ensure overall performance.. Exceeded challenging sales goals by 30%+ by promoting and upselling products. I'm proficient at inventory management, streamline, and inventory levels.]
25397102, [I got my bachelor of arts in economics from university of miami city. As a Data  Analyst (Intern), And my major duty is Learned how to analyze different stakeholder objectives and feedback through effectively communicating reports, interview and surveys with top financial analyst. Achieved basic financial and operation reporting. with assisting the coordination of Quality Assurance testers for end-to-end unit testing and post-production testing. Drafted financial and resource planning reports using optimization software such as Oracle, SQL, JIRA, and SAP I'm proficient at advanced problem solving abilities, microsoft excel, and strong requirement tracing.]
12059198, [I got my mba   business administration in exercise science from arizona state university. As a Lead Monitor Technician/Health Unit Coordinator, And my major duty is Coordinate daily duties.. Administrative assistance.. Monitor cardiac rhythms.. Chart compliance. Medical order completion.. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and sales.]
10228751, [I got my bachelor of science in health science from california state university. As a Staffing Manager, And my major duty is Manage full cycle staffing, recruiting, and maintain a database of clients and applicants that is aligned to the business opportunity in the market for recruitment, staffing, and placement . Responsible for job postings, hiring, interviewing, and training new employees. Generate new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.Manage budget forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts. Negotiate rates to cut costs and benefit corporate partnerships. Demonstrate knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations. Conduct reference and background checks on all job applicants. Developed creative recruiting strategies that met anticipated staffing needs. Communicate the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates. Contact all job applicants to inform them of their application status. Work with Director of Nursing and Human Resource Directors to ensure all healthcare organization is able to support business growth. Coach and counsel employees regarding attendance & performance; mediate employee disputes and complaints. Respond Onboard new employees in the time reporting and payroll systems . Manage payroll and time and attendance systems. I'm proficient at excellent written and verbal communicator, critical thinking proficiency, and attention to detail.]
61677751, [I got my bachelor of science in sport management from guilford college. As a VAS Parts Manager, And my major duty is Positions Held: Report Manager in 1999, promoted to Database Administrator in 2000, promoted to Business Analyst in 2001, promoted to Parts Quality Supervisor in 2002, and promoted to Customer Service Manager in 2004.. Successfully managed the activities of  17-20 direct reports in a 24/7 call center environment.. Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.. Improved service quality and increased sales by developing a strong knowledge of company's products and services.. Implemented new E-business program and Cisco VOIP system. Routinely prepared and evaluated CRM reports to identify problems and areas for improvement.. Developed and implemented ISO and COPC policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer satisfaction.. Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.. Successful Lead Auditor on a team that brought VPNA to ISO Certification.. Developed, Measured, Analyzed and Maintained process control KPI's to manage business processes using COPC, a Six Sigma methodologies based business systems model. I'm proficient at business systems, technical support, and production management.]
20553895, [As a Server & Lead Bartender, I worked from 04/2012 to 07/2015. And my major duty is Provided excellent customer service.. Worked closely with other servers and kitchen staff to ensure that the restaurant runs efficiently. I'm proficient at chrysler certified employee, crm training, and fca kain automotive training steps to digital success.]
18757174, [I got my social ecology   environmental analysis   design in social ecology   environmental analysis   design from university of california irvine. As a Environmental Specialist, I worked from May 1994 to September 1997.  I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and reading.]
14726000, [I got my bachelor of arts in organizational studies from university of michigan. As a OPERATIONS MANAGER, And my major duty is Prepared a region of 16 branches for audit by performing a Quarterly Risk Assessment to ensure all internal controls were adequate.. Analyzed several reports daily such as Branch Cash Limits, ATM Balancing, and Regulation DD & Z (policy followed) to make recommendations for improvement and/or disciplinary action.. Facilitated monthly Regional Manager's meetings to train Branch Managers on various operational topics, help write audit responses, and act as an operational expert.. Developed branch operational policies and exceptions under the supervision of the State Retail Operations Director.. Executed monthly Teller Manager conference calls and in person Operational Integrity training for Teller Managers and Branch Managers in Southeast Michigan and Toledo to train on new and existing operational developments. I'm proficient at risk assessment, processes, and powerpoint.]
29208172, [I got my master of science   information systems   graduate business analytic certificate in public administration from university of phoenix. As a Project Manager, I worked from January 1990 to January 1996. And my major duty is Formulated client service, operations, editorial and implementation teams to demonstrate trade-doubler expertise at new business sales pitch.. Contribute to the learning environment by identifying areas where there is potential for learning and building knowledge with others.. Adopted the performance management scheme by setting objectives, participating in performance reviews and building a personal development plan key relationships with other business development managers and business development executives.. Managed marketing executive proposal writing, group marketing, client development and network team. I'm proficient at business systems, leadership, and enterprise.]
40792022, [I got my mba   business administration in psychology from university of phoenix. As a Manager Trainee, I worked from May 2004 to March 2005. And my major duty is Responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of the rental location.. Increased business through forecasting, counter sales and rate management in order to remain competitive in the marketplace while utilizing fleet at a profitable level.. Managed team members job performance including counter sales Responsible for team member development. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and networks.]
17095812, [I got my pharmacy in pharmacy from carree college of america. As a Customer relations, I worked from Mar 2000 to Jul 2005. And my major duty is Assisted customers with store and product complaints.. Compiled weekly monetary reports and records for store managers.. Organized weekly sales reports for the sales departmentto track product success.. Created new processes and systems for increasing customer service satisfaction.. Developed highly empathetic client relationships and earned reputation for exceeding sales goals.. Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.. Resolved product issues and shared benefits of new technology.. Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store.. Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.. Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency call-outs.. Interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses and expedited orders.. Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all customer complaints.. ​ I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, careful and active listener, and great organizational skills.]
27850777, [I got my sociology in sociology from university of california. As a Talent Acquisition Consultant / Account Executive, And my major duty is Recruited and interviewed 48 applicants per year.. Increased the employee base by 40% to meet changing staffing needs.. Advised managers on the market regarding prospect candidates and recommend needed changes.. Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants.. Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities.. Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.. Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.. Acted as a liaison between outside sales representatives and 4 accounts.. Generated 15 leads weekly.. Conducted business to business telephone sales.. Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific services.. Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.. Completed 100 outbound calls daily, with average conversion rate of 10%.. Responded to all client inquiries in a timely manner.. Achieved a 100% customer renewal rate.. Advanced user of SugarCRM & Smart Search sales management software, generating pipeline and account reports weekly.. Maintained detailed account records and contact logs using SugarCRM.. Generated new business through keeping in touch with my network and following them to every new company they join.. Accountable for full life cycle recruiting including overall client satisfaction. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, proactive and energetic, and hungry for growth and continuous learning.]
90629382, [I got my accounting in accounting business certificate   accounting        cypress community college   city   state   us coursework in accounting   finance and business administration certificate   management from cypress community college. As a Loan Processor, I worked from January 1989 to December 1990. And my major duty is Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending. Interviewed an average of [number] mortgage loan applicants per month.Performed daily maintenance of the loan applicant database.Analyzed applicants' financial status, credit and property evaluation to determine feasibility of granting loan.Created financial analysis reports of commercial real estate, borrowers' financial statements, lease reviews and market research.Effectively managed more than [number] client relationships.Provided expert financial advice on mortgage and both educational and personal loans.Performed daily maintenance of the loan applicant database. I'm proficient at leads, internet advertising, and incoming calls.]
34797369, [I got my bachelor of science   hotel management in hotel management from university of maryland. As a BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COORDINATOR, I worked from Jul 2002 to Jul 2004. And my major duty is Marketed fine fragrance products for this high-end perfumery house and managed a team of 20, across three states and 65 stores.  BPI USA is a subsidiary of the Paris-based BPI and is a division of the Shiseido Americas Corporation. Products included: Issey Miyake, Jean Paul Gaultier and Narciso Rodriguez.. Directed product launches.  Trained client employees on features, advantages and use.. Administered $100,000+ budget, defined and set sales goals.. Successfully built a selling team, motivating and implementing solid sales techniques.. Earned the #1 ranking in the region.. ACHIEVEMENT:. Successfully built a selling team, motivating and implementing solid sales techniques.. RESULT: Earned the #1 ranking in the region. I'm proficient at satisfaction, sales goals, and training.]
98379112, [I got my bachelor of science in agricultural business from northwestern oklahoma state university. As a Branch Manager/Loan Officer, I worked from 02/2003 to 01/2014. And my major duty is Progressed through various roles, starting from Loan Officer position and culminating in Branch Manager title.. Managed and administered consumer and real estate loan operations across various offices.. Drove smooth transition of newly-acquired Smith County State Bank and Trust Department - consolidating team of 30+.. Approved and oversaw payroll, bills for payment, budgeting, reporting, and advertising.. Provided staff leadership, evaluations, salary adjustments, interviews, and hiring. ]
37521676, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from university of tulsa. As a Senior Buyer / Program Manager, I worked from 01/1991 to 01/1995. And my major duty is Program manager for IDT subsystems - planner and buyer for all components, worked closely with end customer and subcontractors (Solectron, A Plus, Flextronics) I'm proficient at marketing, product and service sales, and verbal and written communication.]
10501991, [I got my ph   d in professional sales from coles college of business. As a Business Development & Success Management, I worked from 11/2012 to 02/2015. And my major duty is Managed SalesForce.com console and prospected via outbound calls to business directors and executives.. • Conducted telephone surveys via outbound calls to customers and industry workers.. • Created and maintained data for sales demo environment.. • Managed and assigned training courses for new employees.. • Research customer data in new markets.. • Documented new reports engine data dictionary and report content.. • Ran monthly and weekly adoption reports for upper management review.. • Organized data from Birst reporting into a presentable document for client meetings.. • Upload weekly reports to Salesforce.com for companywide viewing.. • Conducted classroom training on reporting system.. • Created web help videos. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, salesforce com, and highly competitive.]
18293620, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from enterprise state junior college. As a Senior Account Executive, I worked from 05/2006 to 04/2008. And my major duty is Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending.. Interviewed an average of 40 mortgage loan applicants per month.. Received Employee of the Month Award for a 70% rate of closed loans.. Executed the loan origination process, including ordering credit reports, appraisals and preliminary title reports.. Provided expert financial advice on mortgages governmeand personal loans.. Closed or assisted in closing in nearly $10 million in loans. I'm proficient at contract negotiations, prospecting, and talented negotiator.]
19557384, [I got my masters of science   organic chemistry in organic chemistry from virginia tech. As a Graduate Teaching Assistant, And my major duty is Worked for two and half year as graduate teaching assistant, teaching           organic chemistry laboratory to undergraduates.. Trained over 250 students in basic to semi-advanced theoretical and           laboratory skills in organic chemistry  Responsibilities.. Presented lectures to class of over 100-150 students.. Conducted multiple           one-on-one student review sessions.. Responsible for making presentations, teaching course material, teaching lab           skills, and grading of assignments and final exams. I'm proficient at leadership, business forecasting and strategy ms office suite, and managing cross functional teams.]
15423153, [I got my marketing business marketing business in marketing business from full sail university masters of science   internet marketing internet marketing university of phoenix. As a Assistant Site Manager, I worked from January 2005 to January 2008. And my major duty is Assisted in managing a team of 5 professionals and performed administrative duties as needed.. Performed managerial duties in the absence of the Site Manager to keep business activities progressing.. Served as a mentor to junior team members and influenced them to grow professionally within the company.. Streamlined strategic initiatives to ensure the maximum amount of mortgage loans were closed each month    for Regions Bank.. Created new processes and systems that were implemented to increase customer service satisfaction.. Resolved data issues for completed appraisals and title work in a timely manner before submitting completed    documents to Regions mortgage processing center.. Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for top client, Regions Bank. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, websites, and e mail.]
20357858, [I got my bachelor of arts in public relations from saint mary   s university city. As a AUTOMOTIVE ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE, I worked from 01/2001 to now. I'm proficient at negotiation, consulting, and salesforce.]
12546838, [I got my master of business administration in marketing from university of pune india. As a Marketing Research Analyst, I worked from February 2005 to March 2006. And my major duty is Performed market research SWOT analysis for Amul Products, largest Food Company, marketing milk & milk products in India to study effectiveness of its brand.. Integrate market research information into company system to develop new leads.. Identify effect-cause relationships between financial outcomes and marketed actions, thus raising profitability.. Used research tools to understand target market and its competitors, increasing response rate by 30%.. Utilized excel charts, graphs and PowerPoint to portray results of complex analysis.. Conducted ambush marketing for category-specific product to anticipate customers' future needs.. Used quantitative and qualitative methods and consolidated information into actionable reports and presentations. I'm proficient at marketing and product, mac os, and closing.]
24647386, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration marketing   management from east central university. As a Area Manager, And my major duty is Promoted to Area Manager within one year.. Oversaw management team of 25 employees, including managers, accounting personnel and attendants.. Responsible for all aspects of operations, including auditing and billing functions, operations, monthly reporting and maintenance projects.. Developed positive relationships with "high risk" clients through daily contact and various departments within the area.. Implemented tenant and customer amenity programs for all locations to enhance services and value.. Assumed additional management oversight of additional properties, including downtown Class A Office Properties, offsite management of billing accounts and garage operations.. Improved net operating profit of additional operation by 5% through new technology, policy and procedures. I'm proficient at contract negotiations, sales, and contract negotiations executive management.]
23568641, [I got my bachelor of science in journalism and mass communications from kansas state university. As a Sales Representative, And my major duty is Effectively communicated and coordinated execution of the planogram with store      management.. Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of the store for optimal sales.. Managed the purchasing process for the entire department. I'm proficient at office, government and education consortiums, and healthcare gpos.]
22423839, [I got my bs in business administration   international business from southern illinois university of edwardsville. As a Air and Ocean Export Coordinator, And my major duty is Exported high value goods and hazardous materials to foreign countries.. Completed International banking documentations - Sight Drafts and Letter of Credits - to ensure payment as needed.. Translated documents and correspondence in conversational translation for internal staff and clients. I'm proficient at market trends, inventory management, and inventory levels.]
19738730, [I got my culinary arts in culinary arts from kumasi polytechnic. As a Kitchen Manager, I worked from 08/2008 to 04/2013. And my major duty is Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.. Tremendously increased sales after becoming the manager.. Monitored customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, food preparation. Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary.. Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. I'm proficient at highly motivated, organizational skills, and great culinary skills.]
32531824, [I got my bba   management in management from james madison university. As a Operations Analyst, I worked from 11/2009 to now.And my major duty is Centrally managed an internal enterprise web-based application and acted as a trusted point of contact for over 2,000 users. Successfully on-boarded and trained new users and provided continuous support for existing users on system enhancements and evolving functionality. Successfully managed the activities of 4 team members in multiple locations.. Created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customer. issues.. Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.. Prepared and provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.. Developed rapport with the user base by handling difficult issues with professionalism.. Led global User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for application improvements; managed enhancements and successfully coordinated testing results with business and development teams. I'm proficient at sharepoint, microsoft office suite, and visio.]
34046031, [I got my mba   business administration management in english literature   spanish from university of houston. As a Human Resources Manager, I worked from 08/2003 to 08/2006. And my major duty is Developed job announcements, carried out and coordinated advertising, recruitment, interview and selection process.. Administration of employee compensation and benefits, personnel policies, regulatory compliance, and performed quarterly reviews.. Investigated, documented and resolved personnel issues and complaints at all levels within the hotel.. Conducted final interview, reviews, reprimands, and exit interviews in order to ensure all labor laws were followed.. Prepared and followed budgets for personnel operations. I'm proficient at sharepoint, reading, and benefits.]
14825300, [I got my master of business administration in electrical engineering from college of engineering. As a Vice President of Sales / Partner, I worked from January 1999 to December 2002. And my major duty is Owner/Partner with Las Vegas business, focusing on direct client relationships for IT technical certification and training programs to major corporate and government clients.. Drove territory sales from plateau of $40K-$50K/month to over $100K/month within 150 days of territory assignment.. Acquired 15 % market share from long established competitor.. Pushed local office sales to $200K+/month.. 2001 Revenue Sold: $1.35M 2000 Revenue Sold: $1.42M 1999 Revenue Sold: $978K. I'm proficient at integrity and trust, priority setting, and ethics and values.]
37391947, [I got my associate of science in associate of science   science from louisburg college. As a Senior Benefits Specialist, I worked from May 1997 to Mar 2002. And my major duty is Worked on 401(k) administration,pension and health insurance benefits for several Fortune 500 companies.. Assisted customer service with inbound and outbound calls regarding benefits.. Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company.. compliance.. Conducted benefits administration for benefit-eligible employees benefits.. Contacted various HR departments to verify eligibility as well as any status changes. I'm proficient at ibm, speaking, and insurance.]
26896699, [I got my b   s   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from university of kentucky. As a Key Account Manager, I worked from January 1991 to January 1994. And my major duty is Opened new markets with focus on applianceand office products industry along with other high-volume industries.. Broke new ground with the development, maintenance and servicing of key OEM accounts totaling $2 million.. Multi-national company with operations in 13 countries involved in the design, development and manufacturing of custom engineered plastic, foam and rubber components. I'm proficient at e mail, consulting, and insurance.]
11289482, [I got my bachelor of arts   business administration in business administration from univerity of pheonix. As a Loan Officer, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2000. And my major duty is Responsible for generating leads via inbound and outbound solicitations.. Assessed prospective customers' needs to determine their interest in obtaining a loan and complete loan application.. Developed and maintain business referral sources.. Ordered comparables from appraisers.. Gathered customer's documentation for loan approval.. Maintained consistent productivity to ensure the fulfillment of performance standards and goals.. Prepared and provided accurate reports of business development activities. I'm proficient at leadership, direction, and equity.]
29908929, [I got my bachelor of sciences in interdisciplinary studies from keiser university. As a Admissions Coordinator, I worked from August 2002 to October 2005. And my major duty is Complete verification of benefits & patient registration.. Liaison person interfacing with referral sources, outside agencies, health professionals and field staff.. Negotiated better pricing and service on medical products through volume purchasing.. Responsible for facility medical supplies including maintaining inventory. I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and insurance.]
10704573, [I got my bachelor of business administration in finance and economics from hull college of business. As a Asset Manager, And my major duty is Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation.. Addressed and resolved non-routine, complex and unexpected variances for accounts recevables.. Received company Employee Performance Award after reducing accounts receivables disputes by $10,000,000 I'm proficient at skilled multi tasker, business development, and public presentations.]
14990354, [I got my bachelor of applied arts   interior design   industrial technology in interior design   industrial technology from university of california. As a Senior Account Executive, I worked from 08/1994 to 04/1996. And my major duty is Responsible for 1.2 million dollars in sales annually.. Corporate marketing and business development for Steelcase systems and contract furniture dealership.. July 1997 awarded Office Depot "Outstanding Salesperson" award at 400% of goal 1997 awarded. Promoted to North Island Federal Credit Union's Total Quality Management Program "Partner's in Quality" (PIQ) for outstanding customer relations and service from a vendor. Orchestrated product launch and vendor trade show for Hospital resulting in 50% increase in account sales. 1996 won strategic vendor competition in Southern California. 1995 Implemented, coordinated and raised funding for Neocon West/ architect and designer marketing event resulting in two new multi-party contracts of over $100,000.00 in revenues each. I'm proficient at drive, cross functional team management, and negotiations expert.]
24964303, [I got my masters of business administration in business management from western governors university. As a Branch Manager, I worked from 04/1996 to 03/1999. And my major duty is Increased monthly sales by 230% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base. Maintained fleet of 10 delivery trucks. Recruited and hired to ensure all sales/delivery vehicles were generating revenue. Created and performed sales training programs for new and current sales staff. Managed store inventory and reduced waste by 85%. I'm proficient at new business development, sales management, and ms office suite.]
82118447, [I got my ph   d   business administration in business administration from . As a Credit/Marketing Manager V.P, I worked from March 1984 to April 1986.  I'm proficient at top ranked sales executive leading largenational account management organizations organizational psychology and managementexcellence in strategic business policy sciences direct sales trainer and staff developmentplanning and control manager public and client relations marketing and economic policy revenue and market expansion resource optimization excellent communicator compelling leadership skills complex project negotiator international business and marketing advanced problem solving abilities, e business, and business law.]
18236085, [I got my bachelor of science in political science from california state university of bakersfield. As a Senior Account Executive, I worked from 01/1997 to now.And my major duty is Achieved #1 ranking Salesperson in Southern California Region within five months and maintained that for 3 years.. Developed managed care contracts throughout California. I'm proficient at leadership, benefits, and hospice.]
29825044, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from texas a   m university. As a Director of Franchise Sales, I worked from 01/2003 to 12/2007. And my major duty is Corporate Atlantic Region, Help-U-Sell Real Estate Assisted Regional Director in management of large 9-state region Oversaw and executed marketing to potential franchisee candidates Managed consultative sales process from initial inquiry to close Utilized technology to increase efficiency during sales process.I worked from 09/1996 to 05/1999. And my major duty is Analyzed product need on both company-wide and individual-store basis Allocated merchandise units based on intricate sales criteria Inspected incoming merchandise for quality control Worked in collaboration with the purchasing team professional skills Communications Exceptional listener and communicator Effectively conveys information both verbally and in writing Highly analytical thinking with talent for streamlining complex work processes Talent for locating and analyzing online information and market data. I'm proficient at technical sales, processes, and benefits.]
77576845, [I got my bachelor of fire science in fire science from thomas edison state college. As a Airfield Fire & Emergency Services Officer, I worked from 08/2004 to 03/2006. And my major duty is Deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom and held the billets as the Chief of Firefighting operations for over 20 airbases in Iraq.. Managed and supervised 100 Marine Firefighters in day-to-day operation in support of flight operations aboard Marine Corp Auxiliary Landing Facility Bogue Field, NC.. Managed over $100K dollars of firefighting assets.. ACCOMPLISHMENT:  Identified a deficiency and justified the purchase of over $1.5K worth of firefighting assets.. Managed and preformed the duties of the on scene Commander for a 2K gallon fuel fire.. Supervisor:  Colonel Jay Johnson Contact: Yes: (571) 408-0426, Hours Worked/40Wk. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and six sigma.]
39237915, [I got my  in general studies   business management from texas tech university. As a Patient Relations Supervisor, I worked from May 1999 to May 2006. And my major duty is Coordinate communication between patients, family members, medical staff, administrative staff, or regulatory agencies.. Interview patients or their representatives to identify problems relating to care.. Maintain knowledge of community services and resources available to patients.. Refer patients to appropriate health care services or resources.. Investigate and direct patient inquiries or complaints to appropriate medical staff members and follow up to ensure satisfactory resolution.. Collect and report data on topics such as patient encounters and inter-institutional problems, making recommendations for change when appropriate.. Identify and share research, recommendations, or other information regarding legal liabilities, risk management, or quality of care.. Analyze patients' abilities to pay to determine charges on a sliding scale.. Teach patients to use home health care equipment I'm proficient at leadership development, business management, and employee management.]
28916894, [I got my msc   trade and finance city university business school   city   uk city university business school london   united kingdom msc shipping   trade and finance   dec      ba   french and italian the university of hull   city   uk the university of hull hull   united kingdom ba   honors   french and italian in trade and finance from city university business school. As a Executive Assistant, I worked from January 1991 to December 1994. And my major duty is Reporting directly to the Chairman, responsible for all administrative support relating to scheduling, expenses, meetings, travel, client relationship management.. Assisted in special projects of cost control for selling and non-selling functions to achieve optimal expenditure levels for budgeting purposes.. Reviewed ordering procedures and formulation of stricter guidelines on quotes and tenders.. Analyzed all Concession Agreements which lead to a 2% increase of the overall Concession revenue.. Reviewed and analyzed the store's direct and indirect operating costs and attribution of these to various departments which resulted in the relocation of some departments.. Co-ordinated and supervised the implementation and recommendations from various audit reports by both external and in house auditors.. Managed a team of "floating staff" to be assigned to trouble shoot areas of concern. I'm proficient at finance, from sales, and training.]
26278597, [I got my bachelor   s degree in science in science from k   g   r   l p   g college. As a FOOR MANAGER, I worked from May 2008 to Jun 2009. And my major duty is •Work involves selling the above brands and local brands. •Leading the team towards the Floor Target Achievement. •Serving customers. • Arranging window displays. • Ordering stock. • Stock taking and inventory. • Cleaning up store and display area. • Convening team meetings. • Recruiting and training new team members. • Supervising staff. • Performing ad hoc tasks. • Delegating workload. •Assisting in other store operations I'm proficient at voyager, shopper, and tally focus integrated erp software for retail garment stores.]
80275976, [I got my bachelor of science in economics marketing from clemson university. As a Technical Sales Representative, I worked from May 1988 to Aug 1990. And my major duty is Primary responsibilities were large industrial plants and A&E Firms.. Customer base included: EI DuPont, Hoechst Celanese, Fluor Daniels, Day & Zimmerman, Chemtex International, Bechtel Engineering, CRS-Sirrine, etc.. Increased territorial sales and average of 45% per year.. Completed course work at Cape Fear Community College in Instrumentation & Controls. I'm proficient at engineer, finance, and technical sales.]
11088337, [I got my bachelor of arts in english english from hobart college city. As a Summer Analyst, And my major duty is Conducted research for Portfolio Managers on portfolio investments including analyses of 10-K and 10-Q reports.. Tracked the trading volume and prices of key stocks for institutional and private clients, producing weekly reports to various Portfolio Managers and assisted the trading desk with market database analysis on prospective trades. I'm proficient at cash flow, newsletters, and networks.]
23396633, [I got my master of science   communications university of tennessee master of science in journalism from university of oklahoma. As a Manager, Partner Marketing, I worked from January 1994 to January 1998. And my major duty is Directed partner relations and partner marketing during hyper-growth period, preserving key alliances through significant changes in business model. Led cross-divisional team including, technical, editorial, legal and advertising in onboarding of strategic partnerships such as the National Football League, CBS Sportsline, ABC News, Bloomberg L.P., NBC, Reuters, Web M.D. and Business Week. ❖ Marketing Strategy. Developed an average of 25 customized marketing campaigns each month for national media partners such as Viacom, Business Week, IDG, Hachette-Filipacchi, Ziff Davis and NBC with response rates of between 1% and 5%. Managed multiple agencies, developed successful creative, resulting in record-setting customer acquisition. ❖ Alliance Partnerships. Directed partner management during hyper-growth period, managing 26 key national accounts through challenging restructuring. Effectively liaised between parties to preserve long-term business relationships resulting in $12M in savings. ❖ Budget Development. Developed and managed $18M annual partner marketing budget and staff of six. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, finance, and joint venture.]
12814706, [I got my associate of arts   theology in psychology from beazer university city   state   usa cfni   theology      csre city   state   usa associate of arts   theology. As a New Business Development Sales Manager, I worked from 11/1992 to now.And my major duty is Achieved 154% of FY 2000 sales quota. Implemented weekly training with sales team. Achieved 125% of 1999 YTD sales quota. Managed 21 wholesale distributer accounts. Increased territory sales by 14% in Q2 and Q3 of 1998. Preserved margin by selling at an average of four percentage points above industry standard. Broadened market base by identifying new opportunities to expand the focus of wholesalers. Tracked customer acquisition cost versus profitability. Created and negotiated contracts, agreements, proposals, and purchases I'm proficient at customer satisfaction, marketing, and computer literate.]
39875803, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from grambling state university. I have no experiences. ]
30938994, [I got my bachelor of arts in communications from stephen f   austin state university. As a Sales Representative, And my major duty is Worked sales territory in South Texas that consisted of over (350) retail calls, (3) distributors, and (5) chain accounts.. Responsible for pre-set product distribution, retail product mix, vendor placement, ordering & inventory educations, and point of sale display items.. Worked Trade Shows to sell designated promotional displays.. Managed numerous Part-time employees who assisted in retail sales coverage. I'm proficient at experienced manager, seasoned leadership, and motivated.]
16694152, [I got my bachelor of arts in political science from hampton university. As a Document Solutions Executive, I worked from April 1999 to November 2003. And my major duty is Marketed photocopiers and facsimile equipment to businesses, schools, and individuals within the assigned territory; Sales cycle included cold calling, appointment setting, needs analysis, product presentation and demonstration, and post-sale tracking; Developed new client base in assigned territory - averaged over 200 cold calls weekly; Analyzed customer requirements to determine product solution.. Key Contributions Achieved 100% of a $3M quota during fiscal year 2001 and 2002 Received highest sales award company-wide February 2000 Received Team Player award for second quarter 2001 Received Document Management Consultant of the Year award for 2001 and 2002. I'm proficient at leadership, photocopiers, and closing.]
15233524, [I got my mba in international studies from lebanon valley college. As a Director, I worked from Jan 1989 to Jan 1992. And my major duty is Established the entire research function for the PBA in this newly created position.. Developed in-depth analysis on major issues impacting the banking industry on the state and federal level.. Organized and taught educational outreach seminars to banking volunteers across the state.. Lobbied and assisted in directing the PBA's Political Action Committee.. Directed a statewide economic development initiative in collaboration with Penn State Harrisburg. I'm proficient at e mail, insurance, and staffing.]
81310245, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication from california state university city. As a Banquet Server, Food Server and Bartender, I worked from 01/2007 to now.And my major duty is Over five years' hands-on experience in food serving and bartending.. Highly skilled in greeting and guiding guests.. Hands on experience in taking orders and communicating accurately to the kitchen and delivering correct orders to customers with a friendly and upbeat attitude. I'm proficient at produced variety of business materials, designed, and wrote creative copy for catalogs.]
22025574, [I got my bachelors of science in political science from university of houston. As a Director of Business Development, And my major duty is Managed and lead by example a team of qualified marketing and clinical liaisons and showed steady increase in census and market presence. I'm proficient at medicare structure, operations and management, and health care.]
13888506, [I got my bachelor of arts   business management in business management from university district of columbia   school of business and public administration. As a Multi-unit Franchise Operator, I worked from 03/1985 to 04/1995. And my major duty is Entrepreneur that acquired multiple successful franchise units through acquisition and start up. Restauranteur that developed and sold businesses for profit over a ten year period. Held key position on franchisee board responsible for direct marketing and advertising. Attributes: real-estate development, accounting and management training. I'm proficient at factiva, microsoft office excel, and powerpoint.]
79759716, [I got my ba   economics in economics from university of arizona. As a Manager, I worked from 11/2011 to 12/2014. And my major duty is Worked directly with the Chief Marketing Officer to form brand development and digital partnership activation strategies for athlete clients.. Serviced and facilitated the delivery of contractual obligations for NBA clients Blake Griffin, Kevin Love, and Paul Pierce in all public facing marketing agreements.. Identified and activated non-traditional brand opportunities for new clients including barter relationships, revenue share agreements, product placement opportunities, and digital activations.. Consulted senior level marketing executives in the conceptualization of client digital and public-facing brand strategy; activated those strategies through client social channels and brand partner activations.. Developed the early stages of conceptualization and content creation of "The Players Tribune", a Derek Jeter owned Excel Sports partner company.. Worked personally with athlete talent to understand brand goal and direction in order to maximize presence in the sports landscape; facilitated such plans through marketing activations. I'm proficient at negotiation, brand development, and direction.]
10541358, [I got my associate of applied science in business administration from darton state college city. As a Teacher/Receptionist, And my major duty is Instructed students on the fundamentals of Cheerleading, Ballet, tap, Jazz and modern.. Managed the receptionist area; which included greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in person request for academia or administrative request.. Maintained electronic and paper files; created and maintained spreadsheets utilizing excel functions, pivot tables.. Created customize reports that help minimize month end reporting for the leadership team. I'm proficient at leadership, advanced use of the windows xp, and forms.]
31638814, [I got my bachelor of business administration in international business from st   edward s university city. As a Marketing Intern, I worked from 01/2009 to 06/2009. And my major duty is Designed banners and brochures for annual events Translated documents and promotional material from English to Spanish. I'm proficient at bi, selling, and sales.]
25370801, [I got my bachelor of arts in liberal arts environmental studies geography from university of minnesota. As a Sales Representative, And my major duty is Initiated and closed sales for a commercial and residential roofing contractor Established positive relations with customers and developed a timeline for project completion Arranged delivery of materials, availability of labor, and managed projects through completion. I'm proficient at delivery, sales, and policies.]
27796199, [I got my b   a   organizational communication business management in organizational communication from arizona state university. As a Resident Liaison, I worked from January 1999 to January 2001. And my major duty is Promoted assisted living facility through outside sales calls and networking.. Met with potential residents and their families and educated them regarding living accommodations and services.. Facilitated the entire process of residency from initial lead contact to decision to place in community.. Maintained 95% - 100% census through conscientious follow through. I'm proficient at insurance, physical therapy, and sales.]
10289113, [I got my bachelor of business administration in finance   general business from western michigan university. As a Financial Operations Executive and Department Merchandising Manager, I worked from 04/1988 to now.And my major duty is Financial Operations Executive for the South Bend store. Volunteered to be merchandise manager for the stores largest department. While in this role the department had the highest per foot sales volume of any department in the entire corporation during the 4th quarter of 1988. I'm proficient at strategic accounts, clients management, and corporate operations.]
27219200, [I got my bachelor of science   industrial education in industrial education from california university. As a Quality Manager, I worked from May 1981 to May 1991. And my major duty is Managed the quality assurance staff for PCB and Interconnect products. Maintained budgets and cost of quality targets. Set up the statistical process control procedures and quality assurance programs in compliance to Telecom standards. Created the initial vendor qualification process for outsourcing of the printed circuit board product. Developed Procurement quality strategy for PCB outsourcing. I'm proficient at odm, finance, and system development.]
10235211, [I got my associate degree   sport psychology        national university   city   state   usa high school diploma        midfield high school   city   state   usa associate of arts   golf management             pgcc professional golfers career college   city   state   usa professional golf management city   state      to present sport psychology with audio sound therapy as a side study   bachelors   degree in progress in sport psychology from professional golfers career college. As a Field Radio Operator Communication specialist, I worked from January 1983 to January 1987.  I'm proficient at business development, notes, and databases.]
14287992, [I got my mba   finance   management in  from university of houston. As a Account & Finance Officer, I worked from January 2007 to February 2009. And my major duty is Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.. Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.. Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.. Performed general accounting and finance functions including: Developed financial modelling using excel spreadsheet to analyzed, and report financial statements Preparation of journal and ledger entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations.. Built and maintained databases for forecasting future financial performance Presented reports on economic trends of business that enhanced process improvements Managed account payables and receivables.. Researched and resolved billing and invoice issues. I'm proficient at powerpoint, strong analytical and attention detail, and general financial accounting and control.]
47067533, [I got my bachelors of sales   sales management state sales management in  from university of potomac college. As a Business Development Manager, Team Leader, I worked from January 2007 to January 2009. And my major duty is Conduct heavy outbound B2B calling to Enterprise and Strategic Enterprise organizations for direct lead generation and setting up WebEx presentations to high level executives.. Develop high level relationships with CEO's, CFO's, COO's, and CTO's.. Strong focus on building the pipeline and getting prospects into the pipeline for future revenue generation by identifying key contacts and acquiring key lead criteria for each account.. Qualified new business opportunities by identifying how our professional solutions align with their business needs, and closing the sale.. Work with senior management team to define key business development strategies and initiatives.. Qualify existing leads via email campaign, as well as develop and maintain prospect lists in sales force database.. Generate proposals, negotiate contract terms and close sales.. Develop and manage the business development team.. Submit weekly status update and monthly prospect report to VP of Sales and VP of Marketing. I'm proficient at enterprise, closing, and supervisory.]
14241621, [I got my associate of science in respiratory therapy from manchester community college. As a Camp Counselor, I worked from 05/2006 to 08/2008. And my major duty is Responsible for providing unit information reports, data, and daily logs to the Head Counselor.. Responsible for participating in and leading camper activities.. Responsible for maintaining effective working relationships with staff and creating harmonious relationships with campers, parents and staff.. Responsible for check-in and check-out procedures.. Ensure that unit schedules and activities are implemented. ]
27213082, [I got my doctor of business administration management in computer science   computer science from . As a Distributed Computer Systems Analyst / Network Administrator, I worked from 01/1990 to 01/1996. And my major duty is Provided computer consultancy and support for more than 200 workstations across 5 counties.. Installed and maintained Microsoft Windows server networks.. Coordinated and managed computer equipment logistics. I'm proficient at engineer, configuration management, and instructor.]
31813535, [I got my doctor of business administration management in computer science from argosy university. As a Distributed Computer Systems Analyst / Network Administrator, I worked from 01/1990 to 01/1996. And my major duty is Provided computer consultancy and support for more than 200 workstations across 5 counties.. Installed and maintained Microsoft Windows server networks.. Coordinated and managed computer equipment logistics. I'm proficient at configuration management, instructor, and insurance.]
17115815, [I got my general studies in computer technology from rio salado a   a. As a Marketing Specialist, And my major duty is Microsoft Team Lead - Lead caller and liaison between Microsoft Client 	Success Associate and team of 23 Calling Agents. Coordinated and lead all meetings to discuss results of 								campaign analysis with Internal Client Success members and Key 								Microsoft Stakeholders. Conducted all training and coaching 								of Agents prior 	to Microsoft Certification. Campaign Tester - Testing the validity of data, messaging and targeted contacts prior to a 	campaign going live. Troubleshoot campaigns not meeting expected KPI's providing feedback 	and recommendations based on my findings. Dell SonicWALL Chat Specialist - Support existing and potential Dell SonicWALL customers. Event Recruitment - Inviting targeted key contacts based on client objectives to marketing 	events. Appointment Setting - Scheduling firm date & time meetings with key contacts. Lead Generation - Matching a prospects needs with a Client's service or product I'm proficient at technical sales, excellent written, and with the ability to plan.]
20317319, [I got my licensed active realtor in real estate information services proficient in centralized showing services proficient in smart locating apartment data proficient in zumper   creating   generating and tracking leads proficient in craigslist   creating ads and generating leads proficient in microsoft office   such as word   excel   powerpoint proficient in the use of microsoft office suite proficient in the use of crm   zoho excels in   fund raising with senior level executives in   kind donations with business owners event planning with business owners   charitable organizations   wealthy individuals public presentation   speaking to large groups on a weekly basis education birmingham southern college   birmingham   al awarded jimmy and emil hell scholarship arts scholarship for ballet from birmingham southern college. As a Owner/Interior Designer, I worked from October 2004 to January 2010. And my major duty is Developed interior residential/commercial design company. Implemented project costs, budgets and design schedules. Account management. Created branding and design presentations. Ensured that project vision and intent was reflected and implemented. Tracking of client accounts, invoicing and generating leads I'm proficient at proficient in the use of crm zoho, proficient in smart locating apartment data, and charitable organizations.]
38007664, [I got my mechanical   industrial engineering in mechanical   industrial engineering from college of continued accredidation. As a Director, National and Strategic Accounts - Digital and Applied Imaging Group, I worked from Jan 1974 to Jan 1996. And my major duty is A 22-year veteran within Kodak. Was an Industrial Engineer performing statistical release testing and Client engineering support services. In 1983, trained as Sales Representative and maintained Federal Government sales within Washington D.C., Texas, North Carolina, California, and New York.  Transitioned over to Kodak's digital imaging and storage products and services in 1888 for Kodak's larger business units and the Federal Government.  By 1992, named as Director for all National and Strategic Accounts (WalMart, Penneys, Sears, etc.) across all of the 22 Business Units managing 7 Business Development Representatives.  Generated Revenue from 1992 to 1996, ranging from $100M to $900M.  Every year sales achievement exceeded revenue goals -- Sales Gold Achievement every year. Recognized as Kodak's leading Sales Manager within the company (1994 and 1995). ]
24412546, [I got my b   s   b   a   management in management from xavier university   city. As a Assistant Manager, I worked from January 1975 to January 1980. And my major duty is Concentration on group, front and back of the house, for the Food & Beverage Division.. Primary employment during College. I'm proficient at sales manager, processes, and promotion.]
29014805, [I got my bachelor of arts bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts bachelor of arts from muhlenberg college. As a Senior Mortgage Specialist, And my major duty is May 21, 2007 thru Dec. 5, 2008 (8 am - 5 pm) Independent mortgage company with financing of $500M annually in homeowner loans. Senior Mortgage Specialist (NMLS# 156398): Originated consumer loan mortgages (B2C) through client base of real estate agents, brokers, homebuilders, developers, and related industry professionals. Produced products and services marketing material. Conducted research and analysis to capitalize on opportunities and penetrate appropriate markets. Delivered product and finance training to realtors. Key Accomplishments:. Increased loan originations by 100% in first year with an incremental increase of 32% in second year.. Spearheaded retail mortgage lending start-up operations located in Sussex County resulting in 11% market share.. Initiated and coordinated manufactured housing sector program and managed corresponding investor relations.. Certified and Licensed Mortgage Banking Instructor in Delaware. I'm proficient at finance, business requirements, and training.]
12377803, [I got my master of business administration   business administration in management   marketing from colorado state university. As a Telemarketing Agent, And my major duty is Selected to serve as a member of the initial outbound sales team. Performed both inbound and outbound sales functions. I'm proficient at satisfaction, finance, and collections.]
32385553, [I got my retail management in retail management from purdue university. As a Office Coordinator, I worked from April 1998 to April 2008. And my major duty is Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.. Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.. Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.. Determine charges for services requested, collect deposits or payments, or arrange for billing.. Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.. Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills.. Compare disputed merchandise with original requisitions and information from invoices and prepare invoices for returned goods.. Prepare invoices, reports, memos, letters, financial statements and other documents, using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.. Answer phone calls and direct calls to appropriate parties or take messages.. Greet visitors and determine whether they should be given access to specific individuals.. Perform general office duties, such as ordering supplies, maintaining records management database systems, and performing basic bookkeeping work.. File and retrieve corporate documents, records, and reports.. Open, sort, and distribute incoming correspondence, including faxes and email.. Make travel arrangements for executives.. Prepare responses to correspondence containing routine inquiries.. Prepare agendas and make arrangements, such as coordinating catering for luncheons, for committee, board, and other meetings.. Coordinate and direct office services, such as records, departmental finances, budget preparation, personnel issues, and housekeeping, to aid executives.. Provide clerical support to other departments.. Manage and maintain executives' schedules.. Process payroll information.. Set up and oversee administrative policies and procedures for offices or organizations.. Supervise and train other clerical staff and arrange for employee training by scheduling training or organizing training material.. Interpret administrative and operating policies and procedures for employees.I worked from April 1992 to April 1998.  I'm proficient at retail management, speeches, and insurance.]
13199813, [I got my bachelor of arts   english in english from charleston southern university. As a Business Manager/Account Executive, I worked from 01/1995 to now.And my major duty is I served as an apprentice under my father until I graduated high school, and a house we rebuilt on Tradd Street in Charleston, South Carolina, was voted house of the decade in the 1980's by the Preservation Society of Charleston. During and after college, I developed my love for and honed my skills in sales and management while running local Firestone Automotive and Tire Stores and later, business-to-business direct cold-call sales for Transworld Systems, an accounts receivables solutions company. I'm proficient at directing large teams, complaint resolution business to business, and cabinets.]
11551946, [I got my mba   marketing in marketing from mba   marketing bs   ms   mech   engineering. As a Product Manager, I worked from April 1993 to November 1997. And my major duty is Responsible for filtration equipment sales/marketing to bio-pharmaceutical, chemicals, and other customers. Liaisoned with Swiss partner to launch high-$ filter in US for chromatography resin filtration. Activities: frontline sales/training for customers/reps, develop marketing collateral material, pricing strategy, product positioning, gather competitive information, trade-show participation, among others. I'm proficient at engineer, training, and product manager.]
22765255, [I got my master of business administration in  from university of north florida. As a Integrated Marketing Campaign, I worked from 01/2012 to now.And my major duty is 2012 MH / Yuban Instant Coffee customer-specific action plan across top 10 retailers Led the execution of the Instant Yuban blend reformulation targeting Hispanics consumer to fill the gap in the West region. Created Yuban 2012 Integrated Marketing Campaign brief in collaboration with the agency, incorporating new consumer learnings to develop new SVC target to include Hispanics. IMC drove realization across the brand of a new business opportunity. Additional responsibilities included a major packaging redesign and downsizing initiative, development and commercialization of new promotional items, consumer promotions tactics (shelf banners, FSIs, in-store display) and sales support. I'm proficient at engineer, marketing strategy, and training.]
20427934, [I got my bachelor of science   hospitality and tourism menagment finance in hospitality and tourism menagment finance from miami dade college. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and financial analyst.]
35673335, [I got my b   s   economics in economics from virginia commonwealth university. As a Marketing Coordinator / Business Broker, I worked from January 2001 to January 2003. And my major duty is Managed direct mail marketing and spear-headed internet marketing initiatives to gain 10 for-sale listings with aggregate M&A value of $27.M.. Gained reputation as subject matter expert in restaurant, convenience store, and concrete businesses.. Listed and closed three transactions with aggregate M&A value of $3.4M. I'm proficient at negotiation, abc, and closing.]
16846478, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration marketing from urbana university. As a Major Account Executive, And my major duty is Sold and supported the total service portfolio including hardware, software, and network site services.. Exceeded all sales and revenue objectives by 125%.. Achieved top sales representative for three consecutive years.. Won "Excellence Award." Successfully established team-selling concepts.. Created and implemented services as part of the turnkey solution. I'm proficient at consulting, application development, and supervisory.]
89197180, [I got my bachelor of arts in accounting from irvine valley college. As a Administrative Assistant and Customer Service Representative, I worked from 01/1992 to 07/1994. And my major duty is Directed multi-functional interface between sales, senior management, and finance.. Served as primary point of contact between international and domestic suppliers and end users.. Successfully and efficiently controlled short life span product inventory limiting possibility of overstocking while preventing stock outs. I'm proficient at powerpoint, and outlook mas, and mas.]
36574147, [I got my bachelors   american intercontinental university   business management   marketing in business management   marketing city   state   us coursework in business management with a concentration in marketing from american intercontinental university. As a Teller/ Specialty Teller, I worked from 08/1999 to 04/2001. And my major duty is Nurturing relationships while processing customer and non-customer transactions.. Teller duties: cash balancing, cash transactions, negotiating on-us and transit checks, payments, processing GL transactions, issuing monetary instruments, etc.. The duties of a Specialty Teller were added to the previous Teller position.. Food Stamp Processing. Foreign Exchange Processing.. Foreign and Domestic Collections processing. I'm proficient at relationship driven, sales, and customer service.]
27004930, [I got my bachelor of science in early education from . As a Regional Manager, And my major duty is Expertly provided COD Sales, National Account Sales and Commercial Sales in Indianapolis, IN marketplace and.. surrounding states (OH, MI, KY, TN and IL) for leading relocation organizations for Mayflower in the United States.. Worked with both domestic and international relocations generating gross sales exceeding $500,000.. Assisted in the training of all new laborers and project managers on proper policies and procedures for commercial relocations.. Developed effective and innovative Customer Relationship Management and marketing techniques. I'm proficient at leadership, book, and staffing.]
12230301, [I got my ba   journalism   marketing in journalism   marketing from ba   journalism   marketing   state journalism   marketing. As a PUBLICATION DESIGNER / EDITOR, I worked from 01/1988 to 01/1993. And my major duty is Responsible for the writing, editing, graphic design and production of university catalogs, ads, academic books, professional journals, direct mail campaigns, annual reports, newsletters as well as computer-generated presentation materials.. Created fund-raising campaigns; coordinated special event coverage, photography, and logistics; designed museum and exhibition signage and promotions, etc. I'm proficient at sales manager, newsletters, and speeches.]
59696315, [I got my associate of arts   health science in health science from palm beach community college city. As a Business Development Director, I worked from 03/2012 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for creating brand awareness within the defined market, building relationships with key executives, developing/pursuing leads, and assisting consultants with qualifying and winning opportunities.. Assisted Managing director with recruiting efforts (On-Campusrecruiting from major universities, LinkedIn Recruiter).. Responsible for creating strategic and tactical plans to uncover and close a range of revenue projects.. Development and implementation of target account pursuits as well as current account development plans.. Training of consultants on tactics and strategies for farming accounts and identifying new business opportunities.. Infiltrating and influencing decision-makers at the highest levels within the account.. As the BDM I leverage these relationships to introduce SEI, create and pursue selling opportunities.. Management of demand generation activities, i.e., working with the consultants and delivery groups to determine the solution details and approach.. This requires teamwork, fostering of relationships, and developing consensus. I'm proficient at websites, direction, and closing.]
20633855, [I got my minor in business management in business management from colorado state university. As a Server, I worked from 05/2011 to 06/2012. And my major duty is Went straight into server position without prior experience. Held position for over a year. Strongest quality for the job was my ability to maintain full customer satisfaction even when under pressure. Was chosen as server of the month I'm proficient at upselling and consultative selling, proven sales track record, and prospecting and cold calling.]
18311419, [I got my bachelor of science in business management from university of phoenix. As a Area Manager, I worked from May 2001 to Apr 2010. And my major duty is Managed 10 sales executives and assisted in the hiring process of new team members.. Trained new employees to ensure higher productivity by applying strategic sales initiatives.. Coached, developed and promoted team members based on productivity.. Drove operational efficiency to help minimize risk and protect the stores assets by managing inventory count.. Monitored daily sales activities and contract negotiations to ensure goals are being met with accordance of the leadership expectations.. Exceeded sales goals every month during an economic downturn.. Reviewed financials, contracts and sales records to ensure proper compliance.. Handled all escalated customer issues, evaluated client satisfaction results by creating strategies to maintain business relationships and finding effective ways to lower down churn and increase subscribers. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and market trends.]
16091352, [I got my bachelor of arts in marketing from west virginia state university. As a Instruction and Job Development Coordinator, I worked from 05/2005 to 10/2011. And my major duty is 2006 Employee of the Year, Education, Employment and Training Department. (Goodwill of the Kanawha Valley). Managed a team of 10 job coaches to assist clients with disabilities earn and maintain employment.. Established relationships in the community to develop new career opportunities for clients with disabilities.. Taught classes on life skills, interpersonal and professional relationship building.. Recommended. individuals. to customers based on their needs and interests, resulting in. a long lasting employee. and. happy employer.. Delivered exceptional account service to strengthen customer loyalty.. Planned, created and delivered sales presentations on the value of hiring someone with a disability.. ​ I'm proficient at relationship selling, product training and placement, and exceptional customer service skills.]
27375577, [I got my bachelor of science   economics   finance in economics   finance from bentley university. As a Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's techn, And my major duty is Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's technology is the HTP platform, a genetically engineered mouse with a boosted immune system, enabling the mouse to have a broader epitope spread facilitating the generation of antibodies to traditionally difficult targets such as GPCR's, and 100% homologous target.. Personally closed $1.6M in new business revenue.. Part of a business development team that grew sales from $700,000 in 2010, to $2.2M in 2011, and $4.0M in 2012.. Participated in a financing campaign that aimed to raise $3.4M in debt from various banks and mezzanine debt funds.. Modeled the present value of debt based offerings to provide investment decisions to upper management.. Developed the company's first financial model that tied together income, balance sheet and cash flow statements.. This model was used to plan the future financing needs as well as develop the company's long-term budgetary constraints.. Built and implemented an inventory tracking system to streamline operations leading to a 30% reduction in production delays.. Created an automated system that crawled three-hundred scientific journals gathering contact information of authors.. This information led to the creation of database of 100,000 contacts for use as a targeted email campaign. I'm proficient at cash flow, websites, and consulting.]
25813953, [I got my high school diploma in high school from mesa high school. As a Costumer service representative / Call Center, And my major duty is Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.. Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.. Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes.. Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.. Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers who reported product issues.. Properly directed inbound calls in phone queues to improve call flow. I'm proficient at training manuals, selling, and promotion.]
76916835, [I got my bachelor of science in communication disorders from university of houston. As a Business Development Manager/ Texas, I worked from Jan 2001 to Jan 2016. And my major duty is Developed and maintained accounts while growing overall sales revenue.. Added new accounts that totaled over 1million dollars in new business.. Ongoing testing of new elastomer compounds for ESP artificial lift clients.. Sales presentations to pinpoint technical performance and benefits. I'm proficient at closing, benefits, and concise.]
17730889, [I got my bachelor of science in applied studies from c   s   u   dominguez hills. As a Administrative and Legal Assistant, I worked from June 2005 to January 2013. And my major duty is Accurately entered client data into a company-based software program.. Organized client calendars, prepared mailings and handled high call volumes.. Examined Deeds of Trust to determine the grantor, grantee, trustee and loan amount.. Drafted judicial correspondence and handled all court mailings.. Researched documents and publications for details that would establish evidence.. Arranged all correspondence on behalf of the attorney.. Worked with attorneys and case reviewers to resolve legal complaints.. Prepared clients for appointments and interviews.. Traveled with the manager to take notes and dictation at meetings.. Handled incoming and outgoing correspondence, including mail, email and faxes.. Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.. Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.. Typed documents, updated websites and compiled information for meetings.. ​ I'm proficient at privileges fiduciary understanding, outlook, and budgeting and financial planning.]
67501448, [I got my bachelor of science dental hygiene        universita   degli studi del piemonte orientale amedeo avogadro   novara italy master in social media and digital marketing in social media and digital marketing from universita   degli studi del piemonte orientale. As a Waitress/Bartender/Cashier/Floor Manager, I worked from October 2003 to August 2008. And my major duty is DUE srl - Turin Italy Customer care.. Assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects, tracked progress and suggest new ideas.Planned and executed events and marketing programs.Developed and executed marketing programs and general business solutions resulting in increased companyexposure, customer traffic, and sales.Cash out.monthly meeting with the staff and owners.Mix and serve drinks to customers directly or through waitstaff.Take orders and serve food and beverages.. The DUE srl was a company of multiple business in Turin (ITALY):. GRAN BAR Piazza Gran Madre di Dio,2 (Wine Bar). HAFA CAFE' Via Sant'Agostino, 23/C (Moroccan Bar). JAM CLUB Via Murazzi del Po,19 (Bar-DiscoNightclub). ROCK CITY Corso Dante Alighieri, 19 (DiscoNightclub). Cashier and Bar Coordinator during big music events, 12/2006 to 10/2011Movement Torino Music Festival - Turin Italy Under the direction of the immediate supervisor, I was coordinating cashier and bar services.Organize, distribute and verify the work of others.Administrative and accounting duties.Resolve cashier and Bar problems.. The Movement Torino Music Festival is a big event usually attended by 6000-15000 people. I'm proficient at responsible and reliable highly motivated for career advancement able to deal in a mature manner with problem solving willing to learn and accept constructive criticism willing to help good attitude around others calm and focused good knowledge of social media able to use own initiative and work as part of a team excellent communication and organizational skills versed in all aspects of marketing campaigns from concept development to execution and launch skilled marketing professional focused on exceeding revenue goals builder of strategic partnership new customer acquisition expert who emphasizes a mix online and offline marketing strategies.]
17421910, [I got my master of science   finance in finance from baruch college. As a Credit/Collections Analyst, I worked from 01/1998 to 09/2001. And my major duty is Implemented new credit card system.. Resolved customer inquiries and potential disputes.. Managed the Electronic Funds Transfer processes are scheduled and performed timely and accurately for member access.. Ensured member compliance of credit policies and procedures are accurate and upheld.. Monitored, reviewed, and processed all credit card transactions.. Coordinated with senior management to evaluate bad debt situations and determine effective, appropriate course of action which resulted in a 25% decrease in delinquencies and charge-offs. I'm proficient at prospecting, new program and promotion implementation, and adept multi tasker.]
91467795, [I got my bachelor of science   chemistry in spanish from university of north carolina wilmington. As a Fundraising and Marketing Intern, I worked from Oct 2010 to Mar 2011. And my major duty is The Muscular Dystrophy Association is a nonprofit health agency dedicated to curing muscular dystrophy, ALS and related diseases by funding worldwide research. Supported Fundraising Director in organization and management of all activities associated with community fundraising events.. Cultivated relationships with community leaders, businesses and local citizens in effort to draw attention to MDA and add new donors/volunteers.. Gathered and analyzed cultural, educational, social and demographic data about the community to guide local program development. I'm proficient at business development, proficient with salesforce, and act.]
13574264, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration and management from edinboro university of pennsylvania. As a Sales Manager,  I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and closing.]
27139412, [I got my marketing management in marketing management from miami dade college. As a Project Coordinator/ Sales, I worked from December 2011 to July 2012. And my major duty is Created publications that were focused on key business sectors reaching corporate-level           executives worldwide.. Delivered content through print and online media.. Developed and maintained long-term relationships with vendors and clients.. Consistently hit and exceeded sales goals.. Built strong client relationships and provided value-adding services.. Developed sales strategies and negotiated and closed profitable projects. I'm proficient at brand development, excellent negotiating tactics, and strong interpersonal skills.]
14070138, [I got my bachelor of science in education   exercise physiology from wright state university. As a Director, And my major duty is Dayton's largest and most comprehensive youth soccer organization.. Only Coach in the history of the state to earn highest coaches honor twice (2006, 2009)      Manage the activities of 150 coaches, trainers and team managers.. Team leader for presentations delivered one-on-one and in both small and large group settings.. Taught thirty certified license courses graduating over 1000 professional coaches.. Successfully achieved day to day operational goals while focusing on long term strategic goals.. Conduct training and educational programs for thousands of players on such topics as fitness, nutrition, injury prevention,         sport psychology and life skills.. Responsible for developing, reviewing, and updating all training and educational materials.. Demonstrated team building skills such as communication, empathy, motivation and problem resolution.. Trained and certified coaches to be fully prepared for National licensing courses.. Supervised and managed coaching staff within Olympic Development Program.. Established specific curriculums and educational presentations to be incorporated within district and state levels.. Instructed players at district, state and regional levels in order to achieve their fullest potential and achieve a position on         United States National Team. I'm proficient at enterprise, processes, and closing.]
15811992, [I got my master of divinity in counseling from asbury theological seminary city. As a Sales and Leasing Consultant, I worked from 01/2005 to now.I worked from 01/2000 to now. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft products, and technical sales.]
14871762, [I got my master of science   information systems in information systems july      j   mack robinson college of business information systems visweswaraiah technological university   city   india bachelor of engineering   information science from vidyavardhaka college of engineering information science. As a Management Trainee, I worked from Sep 2008 to Dec 2008.  I'm proficient at processes, bi, and business development.]
17597372, [I got my bachelor   s degree interior design in  from university of kansas. As a Sales Associate/Wall Paper Specialist, And my major duty is Sherwin Williams, Lawrence ,KS.. Ordered, contacted and handled all wallpaper sales.. Passed all skill level tests in the 95th percentile each month.. Organized and conducted presentations at all the faux finish clinics to public.. Cultivated long term relationships with area contractors.. Primary representative for area home shows and real estate seminars.. Visited home sites to assess and fulfill customer needs both interior and exterior projects. I'm proficient at sales, technician, and seminars.]
18937778, [I got my bachelor of science   international business in international business from university of minnesota   carlson school of management. As a Sales Coordinator, I worked from 01/1997 to now.And my major duty is Acted as a liaison between head office in U.S. and branch office in Japan to highlight staff and customer concerns.. Attended trade shows to answer product specific questions from the market.. Researched and developed web conferencing system for worldwide customer training to improve communication and Reduce travel costs.. Produced general marketing materials including videos, presentations, brochures. ]
14861855, [I got my master of arts   international commerce and policy in international commerce and policy      george mason school of public policy   city   state international commerce and policy international commerce and policy semester or credit hours      credit hours master of arts      oxford university   mansfield college oxford study abroad semester or credit hours     credit hours bachelor of arts   government and international politics from northern virginia community college. As a Sales Leader, I worked from 02/2007 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Served as knowledge resource for store management regarding team-building, financial management and business development activities & objectives.. Diligently practiced stringent Quality Assurance and ensured adherence to highest standards.. Produced comprehensive strategic profitability- enhancement plans for territory stores.. Identified issues, analyzed findings, and formulated appropriate strategies to increase profitability of multiple stores.. Task included oversight and evaluation of Financial forecast reports.. Built relationships with customers and the community to establish long-term business growth.. Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.. Promptly resolved all customer requests, questions and complaints.. Contacted customers by phone and email in response to inquiries.. Trained all incoming sales team members.. Approved all sales staff budget expenditures.. Planned and directed staff training and performance evaluations.. Developed a comprehensive training program for new sales associates.. Developed quarterly and annual sales department budgets. I'm proficient at process development, industrial coverage knowledge, and product management.]
36170003, [I got my bachelor of science in technology and management from university of bradford. As a Managing Director, And my major duty is Sheet/coil steel sales; Secure new and existing business; Supervise warehouse staff; Organize loads for delivery/collection; Maintain inventory. I'm proficient at siebel, fox and bullhorn crm ats experience, and salesforce.]
27937592, [I got my associate of arts   advertising   public relations in advertising   public relations from rose state college. As a INSIDE SALES MANAGER, And my major duty is Driving force in the inside sales department, directing new accounts towards qualified inside salespeople.. Effectively trained, on-boarded and mentored sales associates to ensure their continued success.. Selected accomplishments: Managed 95% of graphic work submitted by the sales department.. Provided critical input to graphic design based on the customer's profile and demographic audience.. Ran reports to analyze sales performance and raw data.. Compiled this information in to reports for senior management.. Adjusted sales strategy to steadily increase sales by 20% quarterly.. Delivered all projects on time and within the specified budget.. Continually searched for cost and time savings that met and exceeded expectations for each project.. Drafted new policies and procedures for the sales department and new account acquisition department. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, inside sales, and delivery.]
16519708, [I got my bs in business administration from florida a   m university. As a Intern, And my major duty is Developed and maintained monthly expense budget reports for entire Managed Care sales force (NHO) to evaluate budget spending & allocation of resources.. Utilized Sherlock NHO software to analyze formulary status for the Cluster and created reports to emphasize formulary growth & decline.. Developed & spearheaded a community health fair targeted at the Hispanic community in Harlem, NY to educate indigent patients on improving their health.. Worked with many external partners City of New York, Veritas, Local churches, & Media (Radio, Newspaper, amp;Television).. Assisted in the design, development and implementation of branding the Manage Care division of Pfizer by developing a logo that represented the team.. Executed by partnering with an outside advertising agency as well as having internal focus panels to insure the logo represented the cluster Trained new intern hires in the NHO division on the policies and procedures as well as assisted them in getting acquainted with their new job assignments. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and quicken.]
17602815, [I got my b   a   business administration in business administration from university of wisconsin city. As a Project Manager, Staff Appraiser, Assistant Appraiser, Intern, And my major duty is Account manager for the company's largest West Coast client; assist with assigning work to appraisers, review of projects; status log updates, maintain positive relationship with client, handle all questions/concerns client has Responsible for training staff appraisers on all aspects of their position Perform appraisal of buildings for insurance and accounting valuation.. Inspect and analyze construction materials, building components, and building additions Handle all matters such as site visits and address concerns, questions, or discrepancies regarding the scope of the project.. Responsible for project completion and ensuring client satisfaction Perform inventory and valuation of fixed assets for accounting and insurance reporting.. Determine depreciation methods, useful lives, and valuation of fixed asset Able to manage the largest, most complex projects (inventory and re-inventory projects, insurance or accounting projects, school districts, cities, Risk Pools, wastewater treatment facilities and infrastructure assets) and complete majority of projects in less than the budgeted hours and expenses Oversee daily activities of staff, allocate projects to project managers, and monitor productivity.. Ensure high standards of quality, accuracy, and safety Manage project budgets and project hours to ensure profitable projects Proactively improve client relationships with direct involvement with clients and vendors. I'm proficient at leadership, draw, and insurance.]
28337049, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from centenary college. As a Training Coordinator, I worked from October 2001 to January 2007. And my major duty is Managed department budget including estimates and accruals within      2% of target.      Managed internal logistics associated with      training, such as training lists, invitations, attendance rosters,      scheduling events, and assigning pre-work.     Consolidated electronic evaluations/data for all sales workshops,      analyzed metrics, and reported to Senior Management monthly.     Maintained senior  managements      calendars and handled extensive international and domestic travel      arrangements.  Prepared,      submitted, and tracked expense reports in Concur system. ]
33424600, [I got my bachelors of science in psychology from radford university. As a Relationship Banker, I worked from Jun 2005 to Feb 2007. And my major duty is Served as an active member of the customer service team.. Assisted new and existing clients with accounts.. Recommended bank services and products as appropriate.. Referred clients to internal partners as appropriate.. Opened and assisted other Relationship Bankers in opening complex accounts.. Obtained a working knowledge of banking regulations to include Regulation D, Bank Secrecy Act, USA Patriot Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, and Anti-Money Laundering. ]
32042584, [I got my bachelor of science in sociology statistics from kennesaw state university. As a Statistical Consultant, I worked from 05/2012 to now.And my major duty is Performed statistical analysis on survey research concerning the educational preferences of students born post 1982 in comparison with students of other age groups.. Found statistically significant differences in chosen majors of millenials to non-millenials and by race using the ANOVA and T-test procedures in SAS.. Accomplishments Smart Search Engine Marketing"						Summer 2013 Used SAS and R to analyze Sales, Vehicle Detail Page (VDP) counts, Market Share of VDP counts, automotive brand, demographics, and geography by zip code.. This determined which zip codes to micro-target for Search Engine Marketing (SEM) with Haystak Digital Marketing, rather than marketing solely based on a 10 mile distance of IP address from a dealership.. The project estimates to earn Haystak a potential of $3.5 million in annual revenues.. Using Logistic Regression to Determine Credit Scores"			Spring 2013 Used the scoring, correlation, SQL, and logistic procedures of SAS with a 2.5 million record dataset from Compucredit to produce a logistic regression model to classify consumers as "good" or "bad" credit risks based on 16 significant predictors.. The model generates approximately $114k profit per 1,000 individuals scored.. Homelessness in Georgia"							Fall 2012 Performed a multiple linear regression using the regression procedure in SAS to predict the counts of homeless persons per county in Georgia.. Lottery Sales per Person" was found to be the most significant predictor. I'm proficient at zip, ip, and sales.]
14752209, [I got my high school diploma   honors   advanced diploma in high school diploma   honors   advanced diploma from south grand prairie hs. As a National Sales and Marketing Analyst, I worked from October 1998 to March 2005. And my major duty is Detailed responsibilities and achievements upon request I'm proficient at salesforce, business development, and enthusiastic.]
31273310, [I got my master of science degree   psychology in marketing communications from argosy university city   state. As a Air Defense Artillery, I worked from 03/2002 to now.And my major duty is Air Defense Artillery. Earned numerous awards and medals including the Army Achievement Medal. College ROTC instructor I'm proficient at html coding, business development, and customer satisfaction.]
14055971, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma        taft high school   city   state some coursework completed del mar college from del mar college. As a Admitting Specialist-ER Registration, I worked from March 2008 to October 2009. And my major duty is Maintained a state of readiness and alertness for all incoming patients.. Collected pertinent information from the patient, family and friends, medical records and prescriptions.. Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.. Recorded and filed patient data and medical records.. Eliminated duplicated records by sending necessary information to the medical records department.. Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving ability by addressing barriers to receiving and validating accurate health care information.. Carefully reviewed medical records for accuracy and completion as required by insurance companies.. Demonstrated knowledge of HIPAA Privacy and Security Regulations by appropriately handling patient information.. Acquired insurance authorizations for procedures and tests ordered by the attending physician as needed.. Confirmed patient information, collected copays and verified insurance.. Maintained updated knowledge with emergent protocols, response requirements and quality assurance procedures.. Completed registration quickly and cordially for all new patients.. Interacted with patients, families, hospital staff and the general public in a compassionate, professional manner. I'm proficient at microsoft software word, advanced problem solving, and powerpoint.]
95382114, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from rutgers university. As a Intelligence Analyst TS//SCI, I worked from 11/2002 to now.And my major duty is Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information and other data to gain a competitive advantage.. Complied and delivered performance updates and planning meetings for Agency executive team.. Conducted international research, data gathering and analysis in direct support of POTUS / SECDEF. I'm proficient at leadership, analytical skills, and closing and negotiation.]
23617240, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from western governors university. As a Healthcare, I worked from May 2001 to now.And my major duty is Worked with major health care payers to develop their strategy and insure compliance with the Medicare Modernization Act.. Managed and monitored state, Medicaid, Medicare and JCAHO standards and compliance for pharmaceutical infusion company, including application and adherence to GCP's, GLP's and GMP's in clean rooms and mixing rooms.. Researched and aided in procurement of contracts with companies, hospice, home health companies and employer groups in accordance with state, federal, and insurance regulatory guidelines.. Implemented new business process for monitoring billing, payer requirements and field compliance.. Analyzed, designed and reorganized customer care call center for large Medicaid/Medicare HMO  resulting in shorter hold times, fewer dropped and misdirected calls and more efficient triage between lay care coordinator and nurse liaison.. Responsible for development of knowledge transfer methodology in health care call center to insure ongoing and consistent patient survey and assessment.. Developed tools and decision tree to aid in patient assessment and triage Acted as clinical SME in Patient Care Coordination and Reporting System design and development.. Developed, designed and implemented health care service provider facility audits in compliance with state and federal guidelines for large Medicaid/Medicare HMO.. Designed, developed and implemented computerized data collection program for international post acute and long term care provider network.. Strategic planning of large clinic occupational medicine department.. Managed sales and clinical staff, tracked activity, analyzed results and revised sales plans as necessary.. Responsible for customer satisfaction survey collection and analysis for care management company.. Productivity analysis, budgeting, cost projection, product evaluation and new product development for large post acute care provider.. Developed and implemented new marketing strategies including trade show presentations and guest lecturer engagements Created, edited and produced an educational tutorial computer manual for in house use and educational material for client and family teaching.. Interface with the legal community and the court system, the insurance industry, employer groups, clients and physicians.. Evaluate, analyze and render informed opinions on the delivery of health care and the resulting outcomes.. Provide support in medically related litigation and other medical-legal matters in the following areas: personal injury; product liability; medical malpractice; toxic torts; workers' compensation; risk management; medical licensure investigation, and other applicable cases.. Provide employer consultation on job modification, reasonable accommodation and ADA compliance.. Life Sciences Planning, Design, and Implementation of corporate quality systems for multinational Pharmaceutical companies as directed by federal regulations.. Validation Project Manager for multinational pharmaceutical company validation effort.. Strategic plan included the implementation and validation of a system spanning 63 sites in 23 countries.. Project included assessment, design and delivery of a validated system meeting the regulatory guidelines of the FDA, EMEA, ICH, and other local authorities.. Research, development and delivery of manual and training program in pharmacoviligence and safety reporting.. Design and development of the Global Regulatory Compliance Team within Cap Gemini Ernst & Young.. This team is comprised of trained specialist focused on the issues of regulatory compliance and system validation within the pharmaceutical industry.. Instructor Cap Gemini   Ernst & Young Global Regulatory Compliance Boot Camp where members of the CGE&Y Regulatory Compliance Team are immersed in global regulatory compliance, Good Manufacturing Practices, Good Clinical Practices, Good Laboratory Practices, CGE&Y validation tools and methodology. I'm proficient at instructor, insurance, and forms.]
23138078, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from prince george   s community college. As a Operations Office Manager, I worked from 08/2003 to now.And my major duty is Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities of 24 transportation employees.. Identified inefficiencies and made recommendations for process improvements.. Prepared invoices for all customers in the logistics department at the end of every month.. Mentored, coached and trained 5 team members.. Responded to employee inquiries regarding payroll and timekeeping.. Prepared purchase orders and expense reports.. Reviewed, investigated and corrected errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.. Monitored department performance data to identify and avoid potential risks.. Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.. Managed payroll and time and attendance systems. I'm proficient at leadership, letters and memos, and microsoft powerpoint.]
51777546, [I got my master human resource management human resource management in  from new jersey city university. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 01/2010 to 01/2014. And my major duty is Assisted District Manager to administer personnel, workers' compensation, general liability, training, and recruitment programs.. Researched, planned, and implemented training programs to develop existing staff competencies and facilitate new hire orientation and onboarding.. Coordinated group interviews to help organization select qualified candidates for open positions; worked with staffing agencies to place temporary workers in administrative positions throughout company.. Helped applicants fill out paperwork, including tax forms, benefits forms, and associated new hire documentation.. Analyzed existing HR Department operations and provided recommendations to improve workflows, optimize candidate selection, and improve HR training schedules.. Promoted to perform diverse Human Resource Generalist functions which contributed to the smooth and profitable operation of the Virginia and DC territories - overseeing 400 Security Guards.. Reported directly to the District Manager providing support for a high volume of confidential client and employee information.. Oversaw several necessary processes including Data Management, Job Application and Payroll utilizing the accounting software, Win Team.. Performed pre-audits of personnel files to ensure compliance before internal, state and federal auditor examinations.. Performed routine administrative tasks including scheduling, phone correspondence, office inventory, compensation, job posting, reporting, and invoicing.. Was lead staffer in the hiring process conducting background checks, reference checks and drug screening - interfacing closely with the Security Officer Management Branch (SOMB) and the DC department for results and testing functionality.. Played a key role in the complex recruiting project of staffing over 150 Security Guards for the Virginia and D.C.. Wal-Mart's Black Friday events.. Process consisted of full life-cycle recruitment (interviewing, hiring, drug tests and background checks) and on-boarding (implementing training video and processing paperwork/updating systems).. Selected by Senior Management to oversee the two-day U.S.. Security Associates Training Academy.. Prepared the facility by ensuring all technology and Audio Visual (AV) was functional.. Managed the facility's supplies, ordering, payments and distribution.. Drafted PowerPoint presentations and fliers - acting as the Communication Liaison to employees on behalf of corporate.. Participated in various Job Fairs held at colleges throughout the territory.. Utilized templates to design materials for applicants which exemplify the corporate message and provide information on job functions, uniform codes, and 401K and benefit packages.. Developed and served as the sole Author, Designer and Creator of the monthly corporate newsletter.. Produced a Floater List for the territory to make it easier and more cost effective for the Schedulers to place substitute Guards during an emergency, no-show or call-out.. Conducted research and analyzed new trends and legislation of employment, legal issues/concerns for professional development, learning models and training programs.. Considered the "bridge" between vendors, candidates, employees, and management. I'm proficient at websites, processes, and forms.]
69199666, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from virginia state university. As a Administrative Assistant/Billing Specialist, I worked from Aug 2005 to Nov 2008. And my major duty is Managed accounts for 7 loan officers- collected, reviewed and processed employee payroll timesheets; completed monthly billing worksheets, completed expense projections for office, completed data processing.. Maintained inventory, placed orders for office, reordered items per need.. Set-up customer meetings in office.. Organized conference room for presentations and meetings.. Assisted with coalition of loan applications.. Set up candidate meetings; prepared agendas and packets.. Drafted and typed outgoing correspondence for clients.. Answered front desk calls regarding loan questions and procedures.. Financial statements: Reconciled Bank accounts and ran.. financial statements for all properties.. Delinquencies: Posted charges (late fees and interest) for          delinquent tenants, mailed out delinquent statements to tenants.. Provided delinquency report to property manager.. Filing: Maintained cohesive filing system for easy access to information.. Adhered to strict deadline schedule, managing several projects with ease. I'm proficient at staffing, benefits, and personal coaching.]
93988900, [I got my high school diploma in high school from winter park high school. As a English Teacher, I worked from 10/2015 to now.And my major duty is Best Learning English -  (Chaoyang District Teach children (age 2+) English language skills according to US academic standards for grades Pre-K1 to G6 (6th Grade) using McGraw Hill curriculum.. Write lesson plans from grades Pre-K1 to G6 (6th Grade) using McGraw Hill curriculum supplemented by employer developed training materials.. Review, edit, and republish outdated, incomplete, unsatisfactory and insufficient training plans and guides.. Simultaneously accommodate all learning styles into lessons.. Perform demonstration lessons and marketing event planning.. Improve public relations with local clients and the overall image of the Best Learning English brand.. Voluntary point of contact for new Foreign Teacher cultural integration, medical aid, personal privacy, and physical security while abroad.. Provide feedback to parents regarding student performance and additional steps the can take to foster a healthy developmental environment for their child from an American perspective. I'm proficient at supervise the logistics of monthly synchronization meetings from catering and event planning to security and, responsible for medical equipment sets valued at over each including vehicles and hazmat, and necessary skills to be a healthcare specialist in the us army.]
41910253, [I got my bba healthcare management in state healthcare management from american intercontinental university city. As a Healthcare Associate, And my major duty is Maintain full responsibility for demonstrating initiative, strong leadership and communication skills, and medical and healthcare knowledge to support efficient and productive day-to-day operations.. Directly accountable for a diversity of patient/unit support activities including scheduling and discharge, coordinating admission packages, arranging transportation, completing unit work orders, maintaining inventory, and preparing patient unit census.. Monitor and improve individual performance in all areas to ensure adherence to the highest levels of customer/patient service, productivity, efficiency, leadership, teamwork, and work quality at all times.. Excellent capacity to meet deadlines, build rapport with individuals from diverse backgrounds, and to support practice objectives by facilitating an environment that consistently achieves/exceeds expectations.. Responsible for maintaining professional and courteous communications, demeanor, and interactions with patients and medical staff while continuously seeking ways to provide value-added service and support.. Maintain files, documents, databases, and records to provide highly reliable information quickly and use well-developed interpersonal skills to respond effectively to both internal and external requests/inquires.. Communicate clearly and effectively, use strong coordination and prioritization skills to complete work, and exercise independent judgment and decision making abilities to help facilitate smooth operations.. Strong organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills with ability to prioritize work.. Use well developed interpersonal skills to work effectively with clients, co-workers, and all levels of management.. Accept new assignments and responsibilities with a positive, cooperative, and team-oriented attitude.. Complete all tasks and projects in the most efficient manner possible and exercise independent decision making.. Recognized by management for anticipating problems, presenting effective solutions/recommendations, team collaboration and leadership, exceeding work expectations, and consistently delivering outstanding results. I'm proficient at research, databases, and and pcs windows applications.]
28670024, [I got my bachelor of science   radiologic technology in health informatics and analytics from university of arizona global campus. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 10/2004 to 02/2006. And my major duty is Worked alongside retail representatives to boost sales by enhancing product presentations and advertising collateral.. Engaged with customers to effectively build rapport and lasting relationships.. Delivered high level of assistance by locating products and checking store system for merchandise at other sites.. Trained and developed new sales team associates in products, selling techniques and company procedures.. Maintained organized, presentable merchandise to drive continuous sales.. Implemented up-selling strategies such as recommending accessories and complementary purchases to boost revenue.. Educated customers on promotions to enhance sales.. Processed product returns and assisted customers with other selections.. Organized racks and shelves to maintain store visual appeal, engage customers and promote specific merchandise.. Liaised with customers and recommended specific products and specials, aligning with individual needs, requirements and specifications.. Analyzed and properly processed product returns, assisting customers with finding alternative merchandise to meet needs. I'm proficient at flexible adaptable, technical support, and analytical skills.]
36625776, [I got my master of business administration in business administration   management from kennesaw state university. As a Client Services Representative, I worked from January 1995 to January 1996. And my major duty is Responsible for assisting clients with authorizations and insurance questions. I'm proficient at negotiation, enterprise, and insurance.]
96260484, [I got my doctor of public health in business administration from loma linda university. As a Associate Director, I worked from July 1980 to December 1983. And my major duty is Created award-winning Preventive Care teaching program from start-up for medical residency program.. Won $60,000 grant to fund The Preventive Care Learning Center, a patient/resident, teaching facility.. Center taught Family Medicine residents patient education/preventive medicine skills and won Patient Care Magazine's Award for Excellence in Patient Education by a Family Medicine Residency.. Developed off-campus Master of Public Health program for residents and allied health professionals in conjunction with Loma Linda University and an $800,000 Kellogg Foundation grant.. Appreciation Award for Developing a Nationally Recognized Program in Preventive Care at the Florida Hospital Family Medicine Residency, 1984. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and wellness program development expert.]
11378657, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from saint leo university. As a Benefits Representative, I worked from May 1985 to March 1990. And my major duty is Provided support in the administration of all company benefits programs, to include Medical plans (self-insured), Dental, 401K, Life Insurance, Tuition Reimbursement Plan, and EAP programs.. Conducted benefits administration for a total of 1500 benefit-eligible employees, including both salaried and union.. Responsible for the analysis and processing of all carrier invoices for benefit programs, handled resolution of inquiries regarding administration of various benefit plans, and created roll out program for annual Open Enrollment Communications. I'm proficient at strong verbal communication skills, adept at client needs assessment and analysis, and insurance.]
34962725, [I got my bachelor of science in health care management   health administration from university of alabama. As a Healthcare Management Intern, I worked from May 2014 to August 2014. And my major duty is Assist Chief Nursing Executive with various projects.. Worked with nursing and medical staff to develop policies, procedures and practice standards for the nursing department.. Ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to nursing service and healthcare.. Monitored the nursing and operation of support departments to ensure that resident needs were met and facility was properly maintained.. Evaluated patient care procedural changes for effectiveness.. Served as liaison between management, clinical staff and the community.. Ensured the accuracy of public information and materials.. Actively maintained up-to-date knowledge of applicable state and Federal laws and regulations.. Provided thorough supervision for day-to-day operations of facility in accordance with set policies and guidelines.. Established and maintained positive relationships with government regulators, residents, families, other area health care providers, physicians and community at large.. ?? I'm proficient at strong planning skills, self motivated, and exercises good judgment.]
18365443, [I got my master of science in computer information systems from university of phoenix. As a Consultant/Analyst, I worked from 01/1983 to Current.  I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and insurance.]
26125407, [I got my bachelor of science   health administration in health administration from eastern michigan university. As a Patient Care Technician, I worked from 01/2003 to 01/2008. And my major duty is Functioned as a Phlebotomist that specialized in pediatric, geriatric and dermal venipuncture.. Accomplished several types of indwelling venipuncture including Broviac, Hickman, PICC, Groshong, and CVC or CVL.. Facilitated laboratory testing and maintenance including NOVA CCX and I-SAT and MonoSpot, Strep-A, bHCG, UA, Protime, Westergren Sedimentation Rate and Glucose.. Coordinated patient appointments for MRIs, CT scans, and ultrasounds including pre-certification and verification of benefits.. Maintained patient information such as medical history, results of tests and examinations and patient symptoms.. Explained terminology and procedures, research inquiries, instruct on how to use home health care products and collect and prepare data for further research.. Led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy.. Established and maintained systems that safely met residents' needs.. Developed a system of staff communication that ensured proper implementation of treatment plans and comprehensive patient care.. Reviewed customer survey information to prioritize areas of improvement.. Investigated, provided and submitted information to Quality Department about special incidents, events and complaints.. Facilitated an on-going assessment of patient/family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan. I'm proficient at technical support, draw, and independent judgment and decision making.]
54934269, [I got my bachelor   s degree   healthcare administration in health education from los angeles southwest college. As a Acting Clerk/ Nursing Attendant, I worked from 02/2005 to 10/2015. And my major duty is Worked n a Clinic Registering incoming patients for clinic appointments, Answer inquiries over telephone regarding patient's appointment.. Update patients demographic information into computer system.. Scheduled surgeries, Input services rendered By physician using diagnosis code for proper payment of services.. Ordered supplies , faxed, clerical duties. I'm proficient at catheterization, in k, and microsoft word.]
37374340, [I got my business administration in business administration from business administration. As a Administrator, I worked from 08/2008 to 04/2014. And my major duty is Developed and implemented policies and procedures for. Licensed Home care Agency. Audited Patient Charts. Hired Employees. Met with Physicians and State workers on a Quarterly basis For QA meetings.. Organized activities to reward employees and motivate performance improvements.. Facilitated communication between departments, management and customers to resolve issues and achieve performance targets.. Handled all billing and payroll for clients and employees. Scheduled Home Health Aides to Patients. Established successful program by creating master schedules and overseeing staff professional development.. Grew revenue by developing key programs focused on promoting business.. Medicaid billing. Medicaid Exemption code Experience. Meeting with clients and families to Identify their needs and goals.. Assisted with development of regulatory compliance systems.. Planned, coordinated and controlled daily operations of sales, financial management and human resources.. Maintained work safety and followed established operating procedures and practices. I'm proficient at telephone etiquette, team management, and excellent typing skills.]
25328428, [I got my ged   general studies general studies in general studies general studies from wallace state community. As a Certified Nursing Assistant, And my major duty is I cared for residents of all ages, helping with their daily activities such as bathing, dressing, oral care, excerise.. I cleaned the room, changed the bed linens, dusted, put things away for them.. I would read to them, help them with anything they needed help with. I'm proficient at abides by infection control standards, medical terminology, and strong organizational skills.]
56520872, [I got my master   s degree   nursing in nursing from salem international university. As a Staff Nurse, And my major duty is Maintain a safe and sterile environment for the patient in the operating room.. Anticipate the needs of the surgical staff Monitor clients' conditions; reporting changes to Clinical or Client Services Manager.. Locate and obtain necessary equipment and supplies for various surgical procedures.. Accurately record and document patient information in regards to operative procedure and specimens.. Act as preceptor to new orientees. I'm proficient at supervising, insurance, and presenting.]
23944036, [I got my masters of public health in psychology from florida state college. As a Research Coordinator, And my major duty is I served as the principal investigator for a study of complementary/unconventional cancer therapies.. This included the development of a survey of oncologists that was completed by physicians at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, the Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, and the Norris Cotton Cancer Center.. I also analyzed and presented data.. Additionally, I assisted in several studies including a Study of Cancer Survivors and the development of the Behavioral Research Database, a national database of behavioral, psychosocial, and policy researchers in the cancer field.. A membership directory was created and distributed to all respondents. I'm proficient at processes, forms, and database.]
19090468, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting and computer science in accounting and computer science from georgia state university. As a HP-UX System Administrator, I worked from 01/1995 to 02/2007. And my major duty is This position required the maintenance and support of over 1000 HP-UX servers running HP-UX versions 10.20 and 11.X.. Performed all system administration functions on the HP-UX server for the crisis management team Superdome - SM, maintenance, patches and upgrades HP_UX System Performance - provided technical solutions to customers and high level support organizations within Hewlett Packard to increase system performance Veritas Clustering - primary support and implemented VCS Clustering Disaster Recovery - perform, document and maintain DR procedure and guideline for Off-site DR drills KVM -created file systems to match the specifications for UNIX servers Korn Shell scripting, security, auditing, UNIX Automation PCI Compliance Patching - primary support of all systems. I'm proficient at ibm, bash, and vm.]
16132195, [I got my high school diploma in professional healthcare from general lebanon high school. As a Personal Healthcare Assistant, And my major duty is Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.. Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.. Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.. Collected urine and fecal samples.. Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.. Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.. Directed patients in prescribed range of motion exercises and in the use of braces or artificial limbs.. Provided assistance and companionship to clients.. Cleaned and organized patients' living quarters.. Facilitated games and other activities to engage clients.. Positioned residents for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.. Assisted with transferring residents in and out of wheelchairs and adaptive equipment.. Charted daily information on the residents such as mood changes, mobility activity, eating percentages, and daily inputs and outputs.. Provided patients and families with emotional support. I'm proficient at medical terminology, understands medical procedures, and charting expertise.]
27030979, [I got my state high school diploma in microsoft office specialist from rowland high school. As a Work Flow Coordinator, And my major duty is Oversaw transcription workflow process of three office locations in Southern California.. Maintained all dictated reports to ensure compliance with service level agreements.. Hired, supervised and trained a large staff of Work Flow personnel.. Had success in crew retention and loyalty.. Oversaw the completion of bi-weekly time cards.. My team reduced overtime costs by improving d performance and accuracy.. Created and maintained all departments' employee scheduling, yearly reviews and performance management.. Directed all incoming work flow department client calls to the appropriate recipient.. Our departments received over 500 inbound calls per day.. We had very few delays in processing such a large volume of calls and had many satisfied customer surveys for our department.. Constructed daily excel reporting, weekly and monthly turnaround times analysis and back log spread sheets.. Worked closely with Quality Assurance, Account Management and Technical Support to ensure customer satisfaction and delivery. I'm proficient at new hire training and orientation, communication proficiency, and organized.]
17960690, [I got my bachelors of science in nursing from mississippi college. As a Registered Nurse, I worked from August 2000 to April 2002. And my major duty is Practiced as a Registered Nurse in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit I'm proficient at etc, mentored numerous new team members, and led multiple poa special assignments at the district.]
17624934, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from ursuline college. As a Nurse Manager/RN, I worked from January 1984 to January 1993. And my major duty is Rainbow Babies and Children's Hospital has been consistently recognized as one of the top five children's hospitals in the country.. Managed a 35 bed Bone Marrow Transplant/Oncology unit.. Daily operations management accountability.. Served as a member of the design team that developed the facilities planning, workflow design and patient care "experience" for a new 300 bed pediatric hospital. I'm proficient at oncology transplant rn with pharmaceutical research experience, creating and maintaining a performance bases culture, and identifying building new service offerings.]
22008817, [I got my master of health administration in communication and rhetoric from graduate school of public health. As a Contractor, Pilot Immersion Program, And my major duty is Identify current appointment process challenges for residents using flowcharts and project management tools. Redesign computer access request process for system users to reduce throughput time and increase trainee satisfaction. Apply Six Sigma concepts to streamline nurse educators' suite to increase capacity and eliminate waste I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and peoplesoft financials supply chain management.]
20835760, [I got my master of business administration in human resource development and management from webster university. As a Vice President, I worked from January 1999 to January 2007. And my major duty is Core focus was analyzing customer needs to effectively establish and develop customer base leading to an increase in revenues by  24% in 2004, 41% in 2005 and 35% in 2006.. Marketed courier solutions to the St.. Louis Metro area and managed the entire sales cycle, including, key presentations to senior level management, working directly with clients to establish and sustain competitive pricing and closing sales.. Gained invaluable experience developing a small business from concept-learning to overcome challenges unique to creating market presence with no recognition and quickly developing client trust.. Launched a corporate presence within new sectors and established major clients including, SSM Cardinal Glennon Children's Hospital, Washington University, St.. Louis University, McCarthy Building Company and Colliers Turley Martin & Tucker & Clayco Construction.. Tenure exemplified by the ability to quickly learn and incorporate new concepts and technology based on customer needs.. Managed low-cost marketing campaigns building strong awareness despite limited budget.. Formed a strategic alliance with the St.. Louis Minority Business Council to achieve local awareness and network with "hard to see" clients.. Researched market trends to assess the need for e-commerce capability and initiated changes to incorporate an online order system creating a competitive advantage, reducing operating costs and improving customer service.. 73% of customers switched to the system within 2 years.. Initiated creative sales strategies to lead to a 136% increase in revenues after 3 years.. Managed daily routes and schedules for a team of 7 delivery drivers.. Conducted various HR functions including interviewing and maintaining appropriate paperwork for independent contractors and employees. I'm proficient at leadership, closing, and selling.]
87520378, [I got my healthcare administration in epidemiology from pennsylvania college of health sciences. As a Retail Customer Service Associate, I worked from Jun 2011 to Sep 2011. And my major duty is Greet customers entering establishments.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Open and close cash registers.. Performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons and        vouchers.. Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.. Completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer        satisfaction.. Kept current on market and product trends to effectively answer customer questions. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, adobe premiere, and microsoft excel.]
58879993, [I got my bachelor of science   healthcare administration in healthcare administration from pennsylvania college of health sciences. As a Retail Customer Service Associate, I worked from May 2011 to Aug 2011. And my major duty is Greet customers entering establishments.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Open and close cash registers.. Performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons and vouchers.. Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.. Completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote customer satisfaction.. Kept current on market and product trends to effectively answer customer questions. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, adobe premiere, and microsoft excel.]
64471954, [I got my diploma   general educational in healthcare from rowan   cabarrus community college. As a Customer Service Manager, I worked from May 2004 to May 2011. And my major duty is Analyzed statistics and compiled accurate reports.. Recruited, mentored, and developed customer service agents and nurtured an environment where they can excel through encouragement and empowerment.. Kept accurate records and documented customer service actions and discussions.. Provided services to customers by cashing checks, issuing money orders, assisting with refunds, and sending and receiving money grams.. Supervised 20+ employees at a time, enforced company regulations and delegated daily assignments. I'm proficient at telecommunications knowledge, active listening skills, and hipaa compliance.]
18714571, [I got my visual communications art institute of pittsburgh visual communications in visual communications from westmoreland county community college. As a Home Health Aide, And my major duty is Provided caring companionship to elderly and developmentally disabled patients.. Provided primary resident care and assistance with daily living activities.. Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.. Massaged patients and applied preparations and treatments, such as liniment, alcohol rubs and heat-lamp stimulation.. Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.. Provided meals and housekeeping. I'm proficient at cna, coaching, and assisted living.]
20748468, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from long beach city college. As a Statistics Coordinator, I worked from Jul 1999 to Mar 2000. And my major duty is Created and implemented the WARS database for the Pharmacy Administration Accounts Receivable Department.. Archived figures for the Accounting Department to review and cooperated with Data Management on a daily basis.. Created/produced six daily reports in Excel to substantiate balances for 4 on-site pharmacies and 2 remote infusion centers.. Responsible for all payments/invoices and delegated postings to appropriate A/R reps.. Created spreadsheets for special projects in Excel and Microsoft Word as needed and was responsible for all off-site storage archives and facilities.. Electronically released all available medicines for billing and collection reps daily.. Worked in PDX, DESKTOP 7000, Specialized Clinician Services (SCS), ANSOS, PC Anywhere daily.. Transferred to the Newborn Careline Department because the position was created for me and I was encouraged to take it. I'm proficient at html, ms office, and css.]
98300955, [I got my bachelor of engineering   systems   computer engineering in systems   computer engineering from university of guelph. As a Software Developer, IT Services, And my major duty is Developed and improved applications used by the IT Services team by working closely with network and server specialists.. Assisted with design and development of OACCAC's public website (www.ccac-ont.ca), websites for 14 client CCACs, and a complex content management system for non-technical users.. Developed      and improved applications used by the IT Services team by working closely      with network and server specialists  Assisted      with design and development of OACCAC's public website (www.ccac-ont.ca),      websites for 14 client CCACs, and a complex content management system for      non-technical users   Integrated Operations Configuration Management Database (CMDB) with Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) to poll critical performance indicators from servers; whenever a certain indicator reached the predetermined threshold, an automated alert was generated and sent to Infrastructure operations teams via email and instant messaging, allowing them to pre-empt system failures and outages I'm proficient at enterprise, websites, and bi.]
11653906, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from university of massachusetts at lowell   manning school of business. As a Finance Manager, I worked from 11/1998 to 05/2005. And my major duty is Supported numerous divisions within Comverse where final area of concentration was managing Americas region (North & South); $250 million in revenue. Oversaw day to day operations and guided finance teams responsible for managing their region. Provided financial / margin analysis, business models, drove cost controls, staffed regional offices, implemented processes and procedures to manage day to day operational activities. Achieved $7 million dollar cost savings by collaborating with other divisions for unused and available hardware ➢ Supported regional subsidiaries and interfaced with local banks, customers, accounting firms, and legal counsel within Latin America. Implemented financial controls, negotiated with country distributors, and collaborated with country counsel on various labor tax issues. Collected $10M worth of outstanding accounts receivable in Latin America during a difficult economic time in the region. Selected to the 2001 "Achiever's Club", Comverse's highest level of recognition, and received Comverse Sales All Star Award 2002 - 2004 I'm proficient at professional services management, salesforce com, and oracle.]
10466208, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration and public relations from heidelberg college. As a PHARMACEUTICAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE, Women's Healthcare Specialist, And my major duty is Doubled membership in an environment where acquisitions and mergers by National  chain accounts directly affected potential membership recruitment.. Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic  manner.. Responded to all customer inquiries thoroughly and professionally.. Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele  Resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer  satisfaction.. Set up and explained new membership contracts.. Effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams  on a daily basis.. Assisted in creating pre-season marketing plans to support department and divisional  Strategies.. Communicated with vendors regarding backorder availability, future inventory and  special orders.. Developed Account Management Program that focused on maintaining existing account  base while using referral and reference systems to attract new accounts.. Organized new member marketing program including identifying potential target  accounts, developing high touch outreach plans, incentive packages, and growth  Objectives.. Successfully managed acquisition of a New England Association and increased  membership by 50% within the first two years.. Asked appropriate open-ended questions to discover prospects' needs and  requirements.. Representative of the year 2003  Successfully launched new products and rapidly gained market share.. Maintained an extensive knowledge of competitors, their offerings and their presence in  assigned territory.. Serviced accounts on a regular basis to propose new products or services and maximize  revenue.. Identified and qualified accounts to assess market potential.. Consistently hit and exceeded quarterly sales goals.. Identified and analyzed key competitors and related products.. Contacted customers as soon as issues arose to immediately find resolution before the  problems escalated.. Communicated regularly with territory, regional and strategic managers for daily support  and strategic planning for accounts.. Successfully sold brand name products, while competing with the generic medicine.. Communicated regularly with territory, regional and strategic managers for daily support  and strategic planning for accounts.. Visited customer locations to determine needs, set up contracts and provide training. I'm proficient at leadership, outbound calling prospecting, and staffing.]
13352113, [I got my high school equivalency diploma in customer service from central piedmont community college. As a Customer Service Task Specialist, I worked from Jul 2006 to Aug 2008. And my major duty is Made contact with Creditors & new and existing clients daily to open/update accounts; negotiated account terms for clients; added, updated and modified PIF creditors on client profiles.. Collected processed and modified payments of ACH amounts & dates; educated and advised clients of new or counter proposals.. Consistently demonstrated effective customer service meeting/exceeding quota goals of 200 inbound/outbound calls daily while collaborating with customer care depts.. amp; manager to enhance customer service. I'm proficient at ma, negotiation, and pdp.]
20110597, [I got my business administration in business administration from devry university. As a Customer Service Task Specialist, And my major duty is Made contact with Creditors & new and existing clients daily to open/update accounts; negotiated account terms for clients; added, updated and modified PIF creditors on client profiles.. Collected processed and modified payments of ACH amounts & dates; educated and advised clients of new or counter proposals.. Consistently demonstrated effective customer service meeting/exceeding quota goals of 200 inbound/outbound calls daily while collaborating with customer care depts.. amp; manager to enhance customer service. I'm proficient at negotiation, insurance, and lock box.]
20211577, [I got my h   s   diploma in humanities from humanities and science institute. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 05/2006 to now.And my major duty is Performed all duties as instructed. I'm proficient at delivery, microsoft office suite, and technical support.]
12315079, [I got my b   a   marketing in marketing from bloomsburg university. As a Business Development Manager, I worked from June 2006 to April 2012. And my major duty is Responsible for managing all aspects of engineering business development and sales for Delaware and New Jersey to medical device, pharmaceutical, industrial manufacturing, electronic manufacturing, and R&D organizations. (DuPont, Dentsply International, Siemens, W.L. Gore, Goodrich, Chrysler, General Motors, T.A. Instruments, FMC BioPolymer). Exceed weekly actively goals with 15 + meetings, 3 client lunches, 100 + daily cold calls, 100 self-generated leads. Responsible for customer analysis, developing sourcing strategies, identifying screening requirements per customer, coordinating selection and compliance processes, identifying K.P.I. and initiating formal procedures for follow-up and client saturation /satisfaction. Coordinate and manage all internal responsibilities for various internal departments. Identify and build relationships with all key decision makers and influencers that include: Direct and Indirect Hiring Managers,. Provide a consultative and results driven process to clients that is accompanied by continuous follow-up I'm proficient at exceed profit and sales goals, sales management, and vendor and distributor relations.]
10480456, [I got my b   a     chemistry in chemistry franklin and marshall college city   state   us franklin and marshall college   lancaster   pa       b   a     chemistry from franklin and marshall college. As a Quality Control Analyst, I worked from 01/1981 to now.And my major duty is Responsibilities included: Analysis and release of finished pharmaceutical and consumer products Analysis and release of raw materials Manufacturing Investigations SPECIALIZED TRAINING * "Coaching Masterclass for Senior Leaders, Parsippany, NJ * "Leading with Impact", Penn State Executive Leadership Program, State College, PA * Marketing Leadership Training, GlaxoSmithKline, Pittsburgh, Parsippany * Advanced Polarized Light Microscopy, McCrone Research Institute, Chicago, IL * Colloidal Chemistry, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, MA * Scanning Electron Microscopy, Leica-Cambridge Co., Dearfield, IL * Influencing and Negotiation Skills, Matrix, LTD., New York, NY * Project Management, Catapult Inc., Parsippany, NJ * Information Systems Project Management, Wilhelm Assoc., Huntington, NY * Behavioral Interviewing, Behavioral Technology Inc., Memphis, TN I'm proficient at training, acta, and business development.]
75297735, [I got my b   a   finance accounting   economics in finance accounting   economics from michigan state university eli broad college of business finance accounting   economics. As a Real Estate Title Insurance-Senior Account Executive, And my major duty is Licensed with State of Michigan. Agency sold to First American Title.. Commissioned Senior sales role calling on new and existing real estate (residential and commercial) relationships in Livingston County market.. New title policy (premium) generation, client support, problem resolution, closing agent and real estate escrow matters.. Target market included realtors, builders, land developers, and commercial bankers.. Sales Leader became long time professional mentor.. Outcome: Achieved Million Dollar Sales Status and "Dare to Soar" Award from management.. Selected to head up newly formed "Commission Advance" division of company prior to acquisition by First American Title.. Highly valued member of sales team.. ​ I'm proficient at excel, credit analysis automated underwriting learns new systems quickly, and crm sales management system.]
49325370, [I got my medical administration in medical administration from kennesaw state continuing education. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at medical terminology, administrative assistant, and cms.]
21866029, [I got my mba   strategic management in marketing and advertising from carlson school of management   university of minnesota. As a Business Analyst/Assistant Buyer II, I worked from 06/2006 to now.And my major duty is Worked with Buyer to manage $14+ million per year business. Developed plans/budgets for upcoming seasons. Forecasted markdowns and receipts in season, managed markdowns and receipts to within +/- 1%. Analyzed and recapped selling to determine future buys. Worked with vendors to ensure product arrived on time and to negotiate terms/discounts. Negotiated over $30,000 at cost in discounts for late product in 2007 fiscal year I'm proficient at program knowledge.]
14667957, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing        syracuse university syracuse university bachelor of science   nursing        master of science   teaching certificate   nursing suny syracuse suny syracuse master of science in nursing from syracuse university. As a Nurse Administrator/Registered Nurse/Day Charge Nurse/Day Nursing Supervisor/Orienter/Educator/Preceptor, I worked from January 2004 to July 2007. And my major duty is Syracuse, NY 1/2004-7/2007 Nurse Administrator/Registered Nurse/Day Charge Nurse/Day Nursing Supervisor/Orienter/Educator/Preceptor. Provided I'm proficient at federal regulations, training, and staffing.]
10062724, [I got my master of social work in psychology from glendale college of law city. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at powerpoint, nice, and foundations.]
43994605, [I got my bachelor of science   health care administration in health care administration from kaplan university health care administration. As a HealthCare Specialist Team Leader, And my major duty is Directed services, taught and trained medical technicians, and performed as a Team Leader for 6 personnel.. Worked with foreign nationals to develop and maintain a field medical clinic in rural areas to provide medical assistance for those unable to obtain care.. Maintained accountability and serviceability for organizational equipment including six evacuation vehicles, communication equipment.. Provided Emergency medical treatment, limited primary care, force health protection and evacuation in a variety of operational and clinical settings from point of injury or illness through the levels of military healthcare. I'm proficient at forms, primary care, and team leader.]
23814777, [I got my associate of science   business management in business management from henry ford community college. As a Administrative Assistant, And my major duty is Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.Handled all media and public relations inquiries.Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment. I'm proficient at and telemarketing, training, and data entry.]
28745844, [I got my medical assistant in medical assistant from ross medical education center. As a Home Healthcare Aide, I worked from January 2007 to January 2008. And my major duty is Played a vital role in performing routine housekeeping duties (e.g.. washing dishes / clothes, making beds) for diverse clientele, including participating in frequent grocery shopping excursions per individual client needs. I'm proficient at data entry, data management, and internet applications.]
17864043, [I got my b   a   sociology in sociology from portland state university. As a Admissions Recruiter, I worked from 12/2005 to 07/2009. And my major duty is Recruited, trained, coached, and managed members of the admissions team.. Managed lead flow and distribution.. Established, monitored, and met goals for program enrollments.. Worked collaboratively with all college staff and faculty.. Contributed to the process and implementation of strategic planning.. Kept abreast of trends that impacted recruitment efforts.. Organized and conducted open house events for prospective students.. Interviewed prospective students via telephone and personal interviews.. processed student enrollments and maintained database system to track prospective students and     enrollments.. Created and managed marketing materials to recruit new students and retain current students. I'm proficient at advertisements, networks, and processes.]
16121387, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from dallas baptist university. As a Healthcare Unit Coordinator, I worked from 06/2012 to 03/2014. And my major duty is Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.. Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.. Reduced overhead by taking on more responsibility with creative and administrative projects.. Managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings.. Led the planning and achievement of goals and objectives consistent with the agency mission and philosophy.. Strategically planned methods to achieve operational goals and targets.. Continually maintained and improved the company's reputation and positive image in the markets served.. Facilitated an on-going assessment of patient/family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan.. Introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagement.. Investigated and reported issues relating to patient care or conditions that might hinder patient well-being.. Cooperated and communicated effectively with physicians to ensure client satisfaction and compliance with set standards.. Identified process improvements in the day-to-day functioning of the department.. Closely collaborated with management team to make necessary improvements and satisfy resident needs.. Continually improved knowledge, skills and performance based on feedback and self-identified professional developmental needs.. Participated in facility surveys and inspections made by authorized governmental agencies.. Confirmed accurate completion of forms/reports for the admission, transfer and/or discharge of each resident.. Analyzed patient and family feedback to identify opportunities for staff recognition as well as areas for improvement.. Maintained good communication between department heads, medical staff and governing boards by attending board meetings and synchronizing interdepartmental functions.. Created and maintained computerized record management systems to record and process data and generate reports. I'm proficient at leadership, interpersonal skills, and processes.]
10076271, [I got my bs in business administration from florida a   m university. As a Customer Development Intern, And my major duty is Analyzed and developed industry reports using Information Resources Inc, for the Marketing and Sales department to track current product sales against previous sales performance.. Developed a database system to track the positioning and sales of the newly launched product Rick's Spiked Lemonade.. Designed a tool to measure performance against competitive products in the categories of Wine Coolers, Beer, and Mixers.. Developed presentations and presented to the marketing and sales VP's  the areas were our products could be better positioned in the retail market and the current retail areas for growth. I'm proficient at microsoft office excel, quick books, and microsoft project.]
80876647, [I got my SEP in SEP from SEP. As a Hostess, I worked from January 2016 to now.And my major duty is Assisted co-workers in serving customers. Cleaned bars, work areas, and tables. Cleaned up spilled food, drink and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash. Gave suggestions on menu items and info on menu items in regards to customer's individual taste and any allergy concerns, and thanked customers. Informed patrons of establishment specialties and features. Greeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas. Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup. Located items requested by customers. Communicated with customers regarding orders, comments, and complaints. Observed diners to anticipate any additional needs and respond to requests. Provided guests with menus. Removed trays and stacked dishes for return to kitchen. Responded to resident or guest complaints regarding food or service. Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested.. Skillfully anticipated and addressed guests' service needs.. Regularly inquired about member or guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and fulfilled further requests.. Continually kept carpets and floor clear of debris.. Maintained a professional tone at all times, including during peak rush hours.. Received frequent customer compliments for going above and beyond normal duties.. Facilitated prompt and accurate seating and service of all guests.. Recorded guest comments or complaints, referring customers to managers as necessary. I'm proficient at logistics, sales, and statistics.]
36861863, [I got my bachelor of arts   business management in business management from university of phoenix business management. As a Billing Specialist Supervisor, I worked from 04/2001 to now.And my major duty is Supervised 10- 15 call center employees. Provided employee training as needed to my teamAssisted Comcast customers with billing inquiries and disputesImplemented employee incentives to keep up employee morale I'm proficient at proficient in customer account software, professional, and conflict resolution proficiency.]
24025053, [I got my bachelor of dental surgery in healthcare administration from srm dental college. As a Student Intern, I worked from October 2011 to November 2012. And my major duty is Roles and responsibilities: Examined teeth, gums, and related tissues, using dental instruments, x-rays, or other diagnostic equipment, to evaluate dental health, diagnose diseases or abnormalities, and plan appropriate treatments.. Completed and maintained accurate records or reports regarding the patients' histories and progress, services provided, or other required information.. Advised or instructed patients regarding preventive dental care, the causes and treatment of dental problems, or oral health care services.. Treated exposure of pulp by pulp capping, removal of pulp from pulp chamber, or root canal, using dental instruments.. Prescribed antibiotics or other medications.. Designed prosthodontic appliances, such as space maintainers, bridges, or dentures, or write fabrication instructions or prescriptions for denturists or dental technicians.. Fill pulp chamber and canal with endodontic materials.. Evaluated dental needs to determine changes or trends in patterns of dental disease.. Applied fluoride or sealants to teeth.. Managed business, employing and supervising sta* and handling paperwork and insurance claims.. Plan, organize, or maintain dental health programs.. Participated in case conferences or sta* meetings. I'm proficient at supervising, medical terminology, and insurance.]
17545780, [I got my m   d in m   d            windsor university school of medicine from windsor university school of medicine. As a Healthcare, I worked from 01/2009 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Effectively communicated with patients to convey information about procedures in a clear, concise manner.. Consistently updated patient charts, performed blood work, assisted doctors in surgery, conducted patient physicals, and aided in patient therapy sessions.. Loretto Hospital.. Bethany Hospital. I'm proficient at insurance, concise, and notes.]
95011061, [I got my b   s   sociology in sociology from albany state college. As a Case Manager, I worked from January 1996 to January 2002. And my major duty is Under general supervision provided the following: Determined eligibility and manageed  on-going cases, intakes or renewals for eligibility programs.. Processed applications and/or reviews using appropriate criteria and policies consistently and according to established guidelines.. Recorded and evaluated personal and financial data obtained from individuals.. Keyed in a high volume of data using standard office hardware and software.. Performed other professional responsibilities as assigned by supervisor.. Exceeded/ Met all performance goals monthly as well as yearly. I'm proficient at leadership, ssi, and insurance.]
13565152, [I got my bachelors of science   healthcare management in healthcare management from letourneau university. As a Medical Research Coordinator, And my major duty is Triage front office duties, charted, medication refills, scheduled procedures, medication refills,.. scheduled procedures, administered vital signs, finger sticks, triage front office duties, charted,.. medication refills, scheduled procedures, Coumadin evaluation, assisted doctors as needed, lab.. preparation, EKG'S, holter and event monitors, insurance verification and authorization. I'm proficient at sales manager, critical thinking proficiency, and process improvement.]
75744306, [I got my associate of arts   interior design in interior design from amarillo college. As a Healthcare Provider, I worked from Jan 1999 to Aug 1999. And my major duty is Through Manna I  cared for a mentally and physically disabled adult.. I cared for only one because I was a long distance employee in El Paso, TX.. Positioned client for comfort and to prevent skin pressure problems.. Documented client records on daily flow sheets.. Communicated to parents of client and to company.. Cared for client at either parents home as well as transportation when needed. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, active learning, and time management.]
26908066, [I got my bachelors of science in business administration city   state business administration from lewis university. As a Key Hourly Manager, I worked from July 2006 to August 2008.  I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and staffing.]
11704150, [I got my associate of science   kinesiology in kinesiology from paris junior college. As a Environmental Services Associate, I worked from 02/2008 to 02/2009. And my major duty is Established and maintained clean and comfortable environments in hospital and administration buildings by vacuuming and mopping, cleaning surfaces and windows and dusting.. Cleaned and prepared rooms between patients to prevent infections and cross-contamination.. Removed waste and hazardous materials from premises to designated area.. Used approved cleaning products on various surfaces to reduce bacterial growth and prevent spread of viruses.. Kept facilities well-stocked and properly maintained for staff and guests.. Examined patient rooms, staff offices, halls and lobbies to determine need for repairs and replacement of furniture or equipment. ]
27917969, [I got my master of science   ms     healthcare administration in biology from harvard business school. As a HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT, I worked from 11/2000 to 03/2004. And my major duty is Rendered expertise as business transformational professional and ensured projects' successful delivery across multiple healthcare clients in various functional areas.. Instrumental for the claim payment recovery, contract provider, process revamping, operational improvements, and web portal designing.. Provided expertise and built solid reputation for high quality deliverables in the market while bolstered the relations with stakeholders/clients through effective project leadership.. Operated as an elite communicator and continually focused on strengthening relationships with clients while provided comprehensive services and achieved organizational targets.. Continuously improved, streamlined, and clarified processes to ensure timely and effective outcomes as well as setup adequate systems for internal and external operations control whereas, major clients include; WellPoint, United, Blue Shield of CA, HealthNet, and Kaiser Permanente. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and edge.]
12613221, [I got my bachelor of science   healthcare information management   technology in healthcare information management   technology from university of wisconsin city. As a Healthcare Specialist, CRT, I worked from 09/2005 to now.And my major duty is Clinical patient evaluation in home setting, implement disease management programs, respiratory & sleep equipment set up and education, fluent communication skills, sharp critical thinking skills, diligently work with minimal supervision. I'm proficient at medical terminology, disease management, and problem solving.]
15680735, [I got my masters of science   clinical   counseling psychology in english from brigham young university. As a Professional Healthcare Representative, I worked from 09/1996 to 01/1998. And my major duty is Met and exceeded territory sales targets in assigned therapeutic areas by demonstrating a strong understanding of disease states. Communicated technical, scientific, product, disease management information to physicians .. Products: Aricept, Glucotrol XL, Zyrtec, Cardura, Trovan, Diflucan. Ranked in Top 5% among 45 new hires in the Powers Division. Recognized as top sales generator, increasing sales of Aricept by 165% in 1996 alone.. Expanded territory from start-up to $420K in sales by developing strategic initiatives and formulary acceptance in key accounts (e.g. Tucson Medical Center & VA). Received 2 consecutive "Exceeds Expectations" ratings on Manger reviews and promoted to Institutional Healthcare Representative I'm proficient at bilingual in spanish read, write, and and speak.]
13575312, [I got my mba in computer science from spelman college. As a Technical Analyst, I worked from 06/1998 to 08/2000. And my major duty is Implemented package integration solutions for the healthcare industry.. Provided the analysis, design, development, and deployment for a healthcare client/server application, HSD Diamond 950 C/S by using SQL, PL/SQL, and ORACLE.. Created and executed automated test scripts using WinRunner and TestDirector to adequately test the professional and institutional claims for the software application, HSD Diamond 950 C/S.. Lead efforts for unit, product, system, and regression testing of a data loader application.. Configured test data for reimbursement terms of ancillary providers and executed component and assembly tests for professional/ancillary pricing configuration of healthcare claims. I'm proficient at enterprise, data management, and agile.]
15636923, [I got my nursing in nursing from alvin community college. As a Home Healthcare Provider, I worked from April 2011 to November 2012. And my major duty is Administer bedside or personal care, such as ambulation or personal hygiene assistance.. Prepare and maintain records of client progress and services performed, reporting changes in client condition to manager or supervisor.. Provided primary resident care and assistance with daily living activities.. Provided caring companionship to elderly and developmentally disabled patients.. Worked as part of team to execute proper care of body mechanics and safety of patient.. Provided on-call care at all times of day and night.. Provided quality nursing care in accordance with resident care policies and procedures.. Utilized strong assessment skills to determine necessary patient care.. Tested patients' blood glucose levels.. Evaluated health education needs of patients and provided necessary training and instruction.. Processed monthly reports for department performance.. Educated patients about their treatments.. Cleaned and sterilized instruments and disposed of contaminated supplies. I'm proficient at music production, knowledgeable computer skills in microsoft word and power point, and can lift up to lbs.]
14062078, [I got my nursing in nursing from columbus technical college. As a Medical Technician, And my major duty is City, State, Supervisor: SFC Goines., Weekly Hrs.. Worked: 60.. 08/2013-12/2015 , Student, ASN, Nursing, Columbus Technical College, Columbus, GA, GPA: 3.20.. Studied the theoretical and practical aspects of coordinating patient care, educating patients and the public about various health conditions, and providing advice and emotional support to patients and their family members.. Obtained the knowledge of medical terminology to better understand the proper terms in reference to human anatomy and basic patient care skills including communication, patient safety and medical asepsis and abilities to provide proper resuscitation skills to infants and adults.. Delivered presentations utilizing Microsoft Word, Power Point and Excel.. Conducted research utilizing EBSCO Host, LexisNexis, ERIC and other academic research databases.. Reviewed descriptive and statistical reports and documents.. Interpreted data and ensured that the data utilized to compile academic reports were authentic, correct and consistent.. Wrote annotated bibliographies, abstracts, literature reviews and argumentative papers required per the professor's syllabi.. Mentored fellow classmates regarding academic coursework.. Collaborated and communicated with students on projects, study groups and academic research. I'm proficient at medical terminology, microsoft powerpoint, and insurance.]
37001381, [I got my bachelor of scianence   health administration health administration in health administration from university of phoenix city. As a Business Office Supervisor, And my major duty is Supervise the staff of Billing Department Bookkeeping Making sure everything is done by deadlines Follow up with staff to check completeness of their tasks Medicare, Medi-Cal, All Major Insurance Billing Making Contracts with all Major Insurance Companies EOB, Data Entry, Accounts Billable-Receiveable Medicare, Medicaid, Insurance Re-Bills/F/u Handled all the billing for 5yrs of two companies by myself Coding CPT and ICD-9 HCPCS Attending Medicare/Medi-Cal workshops and Updating of the Billing System.. Writing Letters for Doctor's regarding patient's Medical Necessity to use Transportation/Ambulance Services Filling out Justification Forms w/medical necessity for Doctor's to sign for our dialysis patients and other non emergency calls.. Making Justifications Forms for Medical Necessity on Excell Excellent knowledge in Word, Excell, ARCommand, TIS, Medisoft and other Billing softwares Overall Supervision of Ambulance Billig Department. I'm proficient at maintains strict confidentiality, forms, and certified coding instructor.]
32219038, [I got my bachelor of business administration in healthcare management from sanford brown college. As a Front office Assistant, And my major duty is Greeted patients.. Answering multi-line phone and route to appropriate department.. Scheduling and conforming the appointments.. Registering new patients.. Updated records for established patients. I'm proficient at websites, forms, and benefits.]
10251432, [I got my boise state university   city   state high school diploma in  from boise state university. As a Administrative Assistant/Bookkeeper  Addus HealthCare, I worked from January 2000 to January 2003. And my major duty is Completed monthly billing reports and Branch Manager's Report.. Billed over $500,000 monthly to contracting state agencies and clients.. Reconciled billing, posted payments to clients' accounts, and prepared deposits.. Prepared and approved accounts payable bills.. Created documents, spreadsheets, and monthly newsletters; included developing new spreadsheets for A/R and A/P purposes.. Completed several processes of payroll.. Assisted in planning company functions.. Provided support to the area manager, branch manager, and 12 other branches throughout Washington and Oregon.. Supervised part-time assistant. I'm proficient at newsletters, websites, and organized.]
28423028, [I got my ba   social science   political science in administrative management   public administration administrative management   public administration ba   social science   political science from rowan college of burlington county. As a Program Administrator, I worked from October 2005 to July 2007. And my major duty is Provided operational leadership for the divisions of Nephrology, Pulmonology, and 6 satellite locations.. Managed a clinical team of attending physicians, nurse practitioners, fellows, clinical and administrative support staff.. Maintained regulatory compliance, on-boarded new fellows, attending physicians, and mid-level practitioners.. Conducted operational audits, and ensured readiness for The Joint Commission reaccreditation, and the Department of Health inspection.. Provided on-site staff training and development of personnel.. Mentored front-line leaders and supervisors.. Developed and implemented new patient scheduling guidelines that led to improvements in clinic flow, and coordination of care.. This became a standard for the Call Center, and a model for managers.. Developed department budgets, coordinated research and grants.. Implemented a step-down inpatient program, freeing up beds for very sick patients.. Revised department policies and procedures.. Performed analysis to address patient billing and reconciliation, which led to improvement in capturing and resolving charge inefficiencies. I'm proficient at core qualifications, streamline, and gynecology.]
46349752, [I got my diploma   nursing in nursing from community college of allegheny county. As a Emergency Medical Technician, I worked from February 2007 to July 2010. And my major duty is Harmony Emergency Medical Services Attending to emergency and non-emergency medical requests as they arose, rendering on-site assistance to patients as required Performing and/or assisting in the initial assessment and management of illness or injury to emergency patients in accordance with specified protocols and procedures Providing Cardiopulmonary resuscitation, opening a patients airway, and providing ventilation assistance Bandaging wounds, stabilizing broken bones, controlling bleeding, administering oxygen Notifying a hospital's emergency department of the nature and extent of the medical treatment provided and giving an account of the patients medical condition Preparing and assisting in the preparation of patients for transport Cleaning and disinfecting ambulance and equipment after each call Replacing supplies necessary to maintain and perform duties and responsibilities in emergency situations Inspecting emergency medical equipment to ensure function and compliance with safety and infection control regulations and standards. I'm proficient at broad medical terminology knowledge, casting, and iv drug therapy management.]
26958533, [I got my associate of arts   graphic art and design in graphic art and design from valencia college city. As a Arcade Repairman / Technician, And my major duty is Fill machines with products, ingredients, money, and other supplies.. Keep records of merchandise distributed and money collected.. Collect coins and bills from machines, prepare invoices, and settle accounts with concessionaires.. Make service calls to maintain and repair machines.. Inspect machines and meters to determine causes of malfunctions and fix minor problems such as jammed bills or stuck products.. Test machines to determine proper functioning.. Contact other repair personnel or make arrangements for the removal of machines in cases where major repairs are required.. Clean and oil machine parts.. Record transaction information on forms or logs, and notify designated personnel of discrepancies.. Adjust machine pressure gauges and thermostats.. Maintain records of machine maintenance and repair.. Replace malfunctioning parts, such as worn magnetic heads on automatic teller machine ATM) card readers.. Adjust and repair coin, vending, or amusement machines and meters and replace defective mechanical and electrical parts, using hand tools, soldering irons, and diagrams.. Order parts needed for machine repairs.. Disassemble and assemble machines, according to specifications and using hand and power tools.. Install machines, making the necessary water and electrical connections in compliance with codes.. Refer to manuals and wiring diagrams to gather information needed to repair machines.. Transport machines to installation sites.. Prepare repair cost estimates. I'm proficient at photoshop experience, networking computer, and power point experience.]
23110214, [I got my bachelor of engineering in bachelor of engineering from sri ram engineering college. As a Program Manager Consultant, I worked from January 2008 to September 2011. And my major duty is Prepared project plan for implementation of computerized physician order entry, ordersets (Zynx), physician and nursing documentation, e-prescription, clinical portal, single sign-on and Meaningful Use Stage 1 initiative.. Managed $5M budget.. 2000+ licensed bed for-profit Healthcare Organization with 15 Hospitals and several Ambulatory clinics) Corporate Manager - Projects and Applications Reported to the Corporate CIO, CNO and CEO.. Served as a member of Corporate IT and Administrative Steering Committee.. Worked with Compliance Officers and Legal Counsel to manage IT policies and procedures.. Managed $20M budget.. Negotiation and contract management: Saved over $1.5M by negotiating price when purchasing new products and systems.. Participated in monthly and quarterly Enterprise IT Governance meetings.. Reviewed the status of ongoing IT projects, issues, major change requests, resource constraints and requirements, project prioritization and budget.. As many as 50 large scale Enterprise wide projects with capital budget over $5M and 75 regional/facility level projects.. Created strategic plan to accommodate Health Systems' IT needs for new business initiatives such as new facility acquisitions and business unit expansions.. Managed staff and budget 50 direct reports and up to 150 indirect reports.. Regional Application Managers, Project Managers, Business Analysts, Programmers, Consultants and offshore Teams.. Built strong IT Teams by mentoring, motivating and giving opportunity to grow.. Worked closely with Regional IT Teams in consolidating applications and systems.. Eliminated redundant systems/applications, standardized workflow by implementing best practices across the Health System.. Initially there were over 500 applications.. Eliminated as many as half of those applications by integrating the systems and implementing best practices.. With the support from Senior Management, promoted the culture of implementing Projects as Hospital wide initiatives instead of as IT initiatives that lead to smooth transition during new Project implementations across the Health System.. Enterprise wide Implementations: Lead Teams during migration of legacy EHR systems to Healthcare System's preferred EHR System (Meditech).. Strategically deployed EHR across the Health System in 3 to 4 phases based on the services provided at each hospital.. Reduced the implementation timeline from 9 - 12 months to 6 - 8 months by eliminating the redundant tasks with the lessons learned from initial pilot projects and by adopting standardized workflow and processes during implementations.. Reduced the overall implementation cost by 25% - 30% by training and utilizing more internal resources from various departments and less external resources (consulting services).. Lead Teams during implementation Computerized Physician Order Entry, Order sets, Physician and nursing documentation, voice recognition system for Provider dictation, patient education and discharge instructions.. Worked closely with the HIM Directors, Physicians, Case Managers and Clinical Documentation Specialists for implementation of standard documentation forms and templates across the Health System.. Lead Enterprise wide data archiving and reports standardization project. I'm proficient at sharepoint, negotiation, and lead implementation of optical character recognition ocr system in registrar office.]
17963031, [I got my master of arts   computer resource and information management in computer resource and information management from southwestern illinois community college. As a Clinical Research Associate, And my major duty is Responsible for developing, documenting, advocating, and implementing integrated medical system concepts for the BMT division.. Program lead for four pharmaceutical companies and hospital clinical trials.. Lead on data integration within the BMT division.. Developed and maintained a records database with study patients' information.. Identified, Reported and provided recommendations to the BMT staff regarding the clinical studies.. Responsibilities included patient contact to inform them of procedures and side effects, follow up with a physician.. Established effective working relationship with persons from different organizational levels.And my major duty is Responsible for developing, documenting, advocating, and implementing integrated medical system concepts for the BMT division.. Program lead for four pharmaceutical companies and hospital clinical trials.. Lead on data integration within the BMT division.. Developed and maintained a records database with study patients' information.. Identified, Reported and provided recommendations to the BMT staff regarding the clinical studies.. Responsibilities included patient contact to inform them of procedures and side effects, follow up with a physician.. Established effective working relationship with persons from different organizational levels.. United Healthcare.. ROHO Incorporated. I'm proficient at enterprise, risk assessment, and standard operation procedure.]
60624892, [I got my bachelor of science   occupational therapy in occupational therapy from . As a Regional Director, And my major duty is Responsible for all operational, philosophical, and technical training and program development in Home Health,         Outpatient, Hospice, and Skilled Nursing settings.. Provide education on company policies, procedures, rules, regulations, therapeutic   processes, financials, management tools, management approaches, & documentation.. Conduct presentations on models and theories that support the services, culture, and best practices of the organization.. Provide a rolling mentorship for clinicians and managers within the organization.. Development and education on therapeutic and wellness interventions and programs in order to provide the best quality of    care in the industry.. Development and Presentation of AOTA Accredited CEU programs: Balance, Low Vision, Urinary Incontinence, and Dementia    Management.. Training and Implementation of Digital Documentation systems for all product lines nationwide. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and staffing.]
23918545, [I got my associate of science in medical billing and coding from central piedmont community college. As a Healthcare Agent,  I'm proficient at hcpcs coding guidelines, icd international classification of disease systems, and insurance.]
20172393, [I got my bachelor of business administration   management in management from eastern michigan university city   state   us bachelor of business administration   management bachelor of business administration   management eastern michigan university. As a Outpatient Clerk III, And my major duty is Coordination of patient care with several departments. General clerical duties. Staff trainer I'm proficient at training, corrective action plans, and healthcare.]
39082090, [I got my bs   health information management in health information management from miami dade community college miami dade community college. As a Health Information Manager, And my major duty is Oversaw all Health Information Management work flow in department, including performance of employees, training, and orientation of new staff, in-service of current employees, payroll submission, and medical record completion per JCAHO guide. Participated in JCAHO, HEDIS, ACHA and Tumor Registry reviews committee. Responsible for Utilization and Records Committees, Medical Records Abstract, in house clinical pertinence, closed chart review, 3M Encoder knowledge, and managed staffing levels in accordance to departmental needs. I'm proficient at excellent writing skills, hedis, and training.]
98309114, [I got my master of public health in psychology from pars college. As a Clinic Director, I worked from January 2004 to January 2005. And my major duty is Managed a healthcare clinic including 25 physicians, Nurse Practitioners (NP), nurses (RNs) and support staff. Clinic census was approximately 100 patients per day. Services offered included Primary Care, Obstetrics/ Gynecology, and Pediatrics. Management included, but not limited to, operation, human resource management, financial management including budget development, strategic planning, marketing and state and federal reporting. Accomplishments:. Completed first Joint commission (JC) survey that resulted in clinic's initial JC accreditation. Started new dental service including renovation, purchasing equipment, hiring dentist and dental staff. Renovation and expansion clinic successfully I'm proficient at training, data entry, and process improvement.]
16702198, [I got my bachelor of arts   business management in business management from business management. As a Healthcare Representative, I worked from January 1991 to January 2003. And my major duty is Sold cardiovascular, urological and diabetes products to specialists, retailers, clinical pharmacists and pharmacy purchasers within academic medical hospitals to include Yale Medical Center, Hartford Hospital, St. Francis Hospital, University of Connecticut Medical Center, Baystate Medical Center, Newington and West Haven Veterans Administrations.. Successfully launched a new division of Pfizer. Collaborated with teammates to maintain all assigned Pfizer products on hospital formularies.. Gained access into multiple catherization procedures within Cardiology Departments at Yale New Haven Medical Center, Hartford Hospital, St. Francis Medical Center and Baystate Medical Center.. 1997 Winner of the Lipitor Convention Contest for highest market share growth.. 1998 Winner Norvasc Product Contest for highest Norvasc Goal Attainment.. 1998 Runner-up, National Hospital Representative for the first quarter.. 1999 drove sales for multiple products surpassing $5 million resulting in the Winners Choice Award for greatest movement on the Goal Attainment Report for the full year.. Successfully launched Procardia XL, Glucotrol XL, Zyrtec, Aricept, Cardura, Viagra, Norvasc, Lipitor, and Tikosyn for Atrial Fibrillation I'm proficient at market trends, business plans, and ms excel.]
45907524, [I got my bachelor of science   health administration in health administration from bachelor of science   health administration   expected in      eastern michigan university. As a DAYCARE TEACHING ASSISTANT, I worked from 03/2016 to 08/2016. And my major duty is Escorted children on outings and trips to local parks and zoos  Disciplined children and recommended other measures to correct behavior  Communicated with children's parents or guardians about daily activities, behaviors, and problems  Provided students with personalized educational, behavioral and emotional support  Cleaned and organized classrooms, materials, and supplies for maximum efficiency  Observed children and recorded activities, maintained daily records and created safe environments  during activities, meals and naps  Distributed classroom materials and supplies such as pencils, paper and art materials  Kept over 10 students safe in classroom and outside environments. I'm proficient at medical terminology, office administration, and serve meals.]
12333703, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from essex county college. As a Assistant Manager, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2000. And my major duty is Managed the day to day functions of an East Village Cafe, Opening and closing cafe, Ordering supplies, Customer Service, Placing Bakery Orders, Managing Cash Register. I'm proficient at supervising, book, and plumbing.]
15499825, [I got my associate of arts in health information technology from spokane community college city. As a Medical Records Lead, And my major duty is Initiated and led as ROI Specialist managing all aspects of medical records storage and audits for three clinics representing 3K+ active charts; performed quality assurance audit to promote accurate records maintenance; and consistently verified adherence to state/federal patient privacy laws, HIPAA compliance and government regulations.. Held direct accountability for 200 active charts; streamlined document availability through improved medical record organization; identified medical record inefficiency and resolved issues to eradicate future discrepancies which resulted to optimal audit readiness. I'm proficient at dds, insurance, and patient privacy.]
85417107, [I got my bachelor   s   communications in communications from long island university. As a Program Coordinator, I worked from 03/2007 to now.And my major duty is Oversaw all aspects of staff performance, conducted performance evaluation, enforced progressive discipline and mediated staff disputes and grievance procedures in accordance with state and federal laws.. Performed on-call responsibilities to cover scheduling adjustments.. Maintained and updated associate health records for all associates and contact list for all personnel.. Administered training and managed relationship with providers and other clinicians.. Staffed services as planned by the city facilitated staff schedule and performed internal audit of cases and services.. Sourced and recruited therapists, and provided candidate sourcing, screening, interviewing and reference checking.. Ensured all providers complied with the Early Intervention rules and regulations. I'm proficient at talent management, talent acquisition, and staffing.]
33750209, [I got my bachelor   s   health science in health science from columbus state university. As a Healthcare Finder, I worked from October 2007 to August 2008. And my major duty is Triaged all incoming specialty health care referrals/authorizations in order of priority for processing.. Electronically entered TRICARE beneficiaries' medical information into a government database.. Coordinated authorizations with physicians/or case managers according to established Humana contract and guidelines to include timely data entry.. Monitored outstanding pended authorization referrals for timely completion.. Communicated with all disciplines of the medical and military community.. Identified and directed military family members to the most appropriate, cost effective medical care.. Connected with customers to deliver an optimal customer experience. I'm proficient at problem solver creativity and forethought in anticipating and solving complex project issues, ability to work independently and as part of an effective team environment, and ability to maintain the security of sensitive and confidential information.]
24548333, [I got my bachelor of science in business certificate   marketing international marketing biology from bachelor of science. As a Guest Regional and National Trainer Appointments PROFESSIONAL HEALTHCARE REPRESENTATIVE, I worked from 01/2001 to now.And my major duty is Circle of Excellence Sales Award Trip Winner Rookie of the Year Award Regional Performance Fund Award for stepping into vacant Hospital Territory in district and driving sales Achieved and exceeded sales goals throughout tenure Multiple appointments to marketing product advisory boards due to achievements with field sales. I'm proficient at leadership, publisher, and press.]
16356151, [I got my bachelor of arts   nursing in nursing from gannon university. As a Home Healthcare Nurse, I worked from May 1990 to July 2000. And my major duty is Performed a comprehensive range of clinical functions in the home setting within the community. Assessed patients' developmental stages and conditions, administered medications, maintained patient charts/care plans and responded to medical emergencies. Coordinated all aspects of the patient's home care, interacting with other disciplines and agencies, as needed, while providing professional care to the patient as indicated by agency policies, State and Federal laws and regulations. Performed the initial admission visit to the patient in the home to determine the patient's eligibility for home care services and develop the plan of care to be followed. Completed all paperwork necessary for agency policies and federal/state laws. Follow-up visits in the home per patient need and insurance approval. Highlights of Contributions:. Excellent observation, clinical skills, good clinical judgment, and outstanding oral and written communication skills.. Flexible and cooperative in fulfilling the role obligation which in Self-directed with the ability to work independently with little supervision while utilizing excellent nursing skills.. Nursing I'm proficient at cardiovascular, training, and rn license.]
20736486, [I got my associate of applied science in business healthcare administration from associate of applied science. As a Cardiac Cath Lab Administrative Assistant II, I worked from 08/2007 to now.And my major duty is Reports to Cath Lab Director and Manager. Provides a full range of clerical and specialized administrative functions.. Supporting leadership development activities and events. Screens and routes calls to appropriate individual in a courteous and efficient manner.. Learned efficentially and anticipation to support office needs... Maintained, managed and updated daily schedule, spreadsheets and confidential reports through Excel, Word, eProcurement, I-Centra, Perioperative tracking Board, Schappbook, Power Chart and Lumdex.. Delivered and scheduled patient information and oversee operational workday flow to physicians, nurses, technicians and management.. Develop strategic daily workflow solutions with leadership and a sensible knowledge of the practices and procedures of the daily functions.. Proof-reads and completes documents, checking for accuracy.. Coordinates collection and preparation of operating reports. Improved operations by working with team members and leaders to find workable solutions.. Collaborated with others to discuss new operational opportunities.. Maintains and updates department resources and tools such as waterfall call lists, referral lists, phone lists, organizational charts, or other department information.. Attended departmental meetings, providing feedback to enhance future performance. Makes interpretations and recommendations. May develop appropriate methods to handle information.. Track, create and files purchase orders and expense reports.. Orders, stocks, monitors, and maintains adequate office and other supply inventory levels. Earned reputation for good attendance and hard work.. Provided excellent customer service and attention to team members, patient's and patient's family members when face-to-face or through phone conversations.. Guided department by compiling paperwork electronically and taking detailed meeting minutes.. Utilized Microsoft Teams to compile data gathered from various sources.. Contact with firms, organizations, or individuals from outside the company, and globally.. Collaborated in development of electronically procedure reports. I'm proficient at recordkeeping and bookkeeping, telephone etiquette, and professional and polished presentation.]
18784594, [I got my masters business administration in business administration from mercy college of ohio associates of science. As a Administrative Assistant/ Home manager, And my major duty is Advanced to increasingly responsible positions, culminating in management role with oversight for a state certified Group home.. Directed 12 employees and managed inventory, merchandise and cost controls resulting in 20% annual savings.. Maintained high standards in sanitation and safety and complied with regulatory guidelines.. Completed balanced billing, authorization verification, and 3806 forms for payment.. Completed background checks, fingerprinting, and employee information hiring packets for new hires. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and six sigma.]
85421438, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing and general management from john l grove college of business city. As a Real Estate/ Executive Marketing Media Consultant, I worked from 07/2012 to now.And my major duty is I am responsible for learning, understanding, and selling all products of the media kit.. I am accountable for maintaining my own book of business.. Repair past customer experiences, maintain current customer relationships, and create new relationships.. Create and develop effective marketing solution packages for customers.. Campaign management included utilizing google analytics to optimize the campaigns.. I had to be knowledgeable and have a full understanding about Audience targeting, SEM, SEO, SMO, Email Blasts, Youtube ads, and Pandora ads.. I Project Leader on Best of York Tab, Readers Choice Tab, Parade of Homes Tab, and Home Show Tab.. Was an active part of the Marketing Committees for York Builders Associations and York Economic Alliance as a company representative.. Responsible for hitting monthly sales goals in retail, real estate, and digital.. Responsible for hitting the goal of each tab.. Responsible for managing, maintaining, and pitching some of the largest local accounts.. I was a marketing intern at The Conference Center at Shippensburg University during the spring semester of 2011.. Worked with customers at internship, made multiple documents for their packets, helped coordinate and set up for events, sending e-blasts, trained with vizergy, and started the process of getting the new Shippensburg Brochure started and designed the brochure, which I had to present to the Shippensburg Area of Commerce.. Final project for the internship was coordinating and planning a networking event for 600 guests.I worked from 05/2011 to now.And my major duty is sales associate; responsible for greeting customers, assisting customers with choices, problems, and getting products, selling our credit card to customers, running the cash register, creating displays, unloading and organizing shipments, unpacking shipment and organizing it on carts, and putting together furniture.. LEADERSHIP.. Project leader and point person for Best of York Tab, Readers Choice Tab, The Parade of Homes Tab, and Home Show Tab;  training and assisting new hires and Pier 1 Imports; coordinated and plan events at internship;. I'm proficient at leadership, marketing strategy, and project leader.]
33803142, [I got my bs   healthcare administration registered nurse in healthcare administration from university of phoenix. As a Staff RN, I worked from 01/1996 to 01/1998. And my major duty is Responsible for direct patient care as directed by patient physicians.. Promote and restore patient's health by collaborating with physician and multidisciplinary team members, providing support to patients, co-workers and supervising team members. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and supervising.]
47996197, [I got my b   s   marketing marketing promotions and public relations in marketing marketing promotions and public relations from north central state college. As a Senior Healthcare Sales Recruiter, I worked from September 2005 to October 2007. And my major duty is Responsible for increasing sales through existing and new clients.. Recruited, screened and managed over 175 healthcare professionals with roles such as RN, LPN, LSW, LISW, STNA and CNA.. Created and executed direct mail campaigns that increased field staff by 20%.. Responsible for generating new business with all types of healthcare facilities.. Responsible for planning, marketing and executing seasonal vaccination clinics. I'm proficient at mobile, e mail, and customer acquisition retention.]
11605833, [I got my bachelors of science and business   health care management in health care management from university of mount olive. As a HealthCare Supply Specialist, I worked from June 2009 to May 2012. And my major duty is 32,000.. Operates and supervises the base medical equipment management office and non-medical material support.. Validates and coordinates equipment requests.. Monitors expense and investment equipment fund programs.. Ensures in-use equipment asset inventories are accomplished and necessary corrective actions and documentation is taken.. Provides and monitors non-medical supply and equipment support.. Inspects reviews and evaluates medical materiel support.. Conducts periodic internal inspections of medical materiel for compliance with policies, procedures and directives.. Analyzes reports and records and takes necessary corrective action.. Ensures effective support is provided for all customers.. Visits supported activities.. Performs medical materiel functions.. Establishes and ensures timely and efficient management of excess materiel and equipment.. Receives and inspects incoming supplies and equipment.. Applies special handling procedures for controlled medical items, gases, precious metals, dangerous and hazardous materials and refrigerated or frozen materials.. Provides and maintains medical kits and sets.. Delivers supplies and equipment to supported activities. I'm proficient at configuration management, staffing, and publications.]
25451319, [I got my bachelor of science in business management   healthcare from . As a staff/Business office, And my major duty is Introduced, negotiated and implemented new projects to expand scope of engagement.. Established standards for selection, promotion and termination of staff.. Facilitated an on-going assessment of patient/family needs and implementation of interdisciplinary team care plan. I'm proficient at quality improvement competency, budgeting proficiency, and strategic planning capability.]
91478356, [I got my  in criminal justice and nursing from solano community college. As a Retail Associate, I worked from 12/2009 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Organized store merchandise racks and displays to promote and maintain visually appealing environments. Offered each customer top-notch, personal service and polite support to boost sales and customer satisfaction. Skilled using cash register including processing sales discounts and refunds. Greeted customers, helped locate merchandise and suggested suitable options I'm proficient at feeding assistance, qualified in patient transport, and measuring bodily fluids.]
29134372, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from university of maryland city. As a Lead Pre-Kindergarten Teacher, I worked from 10/2009 to now.And my major duty is Devised and implemented lesson plans for twenty-eight four and five-year old children, based on distinctive cognitive guidelines set by the state and the institution.. Interacted and updated parents daily on the various advancements of their children in handwriting, fine motor and large motor development, Spanish language and ASL skill development, and their knowledge on new music, art history, and computer skills.. Worked with interdisciplinary team members to evaluate children's progress and recommend appropriate learning plans.. Addressed behavioral and learning issues with parents and daycare management.. Fostered reasoning and problemsolving through active exploration games and activities.. Monitored students' educational progress with individual charts and files.. Gave one-on-one attention to children while maintaining overall focus on the entire group. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great organizational skills, and people skills strong interpersonal skills.]
35579812, [I got my bachelor of science   human resources management in human resources management from faulkner university. As a Dining Services Director, I worked from 07/2007 to 10/2011. And my major duty is Communicated openly and honestly with the management team during each shift to ensure it ran smoothly. I'm proficient at servsafe certification, training, and records and logs kept up to date family functions and special events are especially fun and happy professional and caring able to adapt to any circumstance and cook to perfection.]
12938200, [I got my master   social work in social work from university of utah college of social work. As a Mental Health Worker II, I worked from Jan 2008 to Mar 2009. And my major duty is Update and maintain client charts with medical services.. Meet with treatment team (psychiatrist, MFT's and Psychologists) to discuss clients treatment plan.. Facilitate STEP group for clients parents.. Facilitate Anger Management groups for Clients.. Coordinate client services with local agencies.. Provide rehab services to medication only clients 1x/month.. Provide interpretations to Spanish as needed to facilitate access to services.. Home-visits.. Parent and family support.. Intense Case management.. Attend clinic meetings.. Participate as a tx team member.. Facilitated daily groups for the Intense outpatient and inpatient program clients. I'm proficient at microsoft, bilingual speak, and explorer.]
31926950, [I got my bachelor of arts in international business from john brown university. As a Department Supervisor, And my major duty is Supervisor of the Women's Accessories      department. Responsible for the merchandising and sales of the department.Also responsible for overseeing the on-boarding, training, and performance      of the new and current associates that work in the department.. Other department experiences were: Home      Department supervisor which included overseeing the commissioned sales      Window Department, Shoes Department, Children's Department, and Women's      Department.. Key carrying supervisor that was also tasked      with securing the store at night and opening the store in the morning and      managing the associates to open and close the store at the same time.. Handled many customer service issues that      were resolved to the satisfaction of the customers involved.. Successfully completed the Manager in Training program for Sales Managers and above. I'm proficient at sharepoint, retail link, and travel arrangements.]
32563518, [I got my master of business administration in international business marketing from clayton state university city. As a IT Project Manager, I worked from 05/2000 to now.And my major duty is Managed all aspects of infrastructure/network project management needs for client base  Oversaw 15+ IT projects with circuit and hardware installation.. Acted as a liaison between both internal and external clients, and technical staff such as access delivery, provisioning and equipment vendors Eliminate duplication and simplify processes and created escalation path to eliminate/reduce delays.. Tracked all milestones associated with project lifecycle, from pre-sales RFP advisement to post-sales turn-up scheduling and first invoice billing.. Managed all data and wireless products, VoIP, Sprintlink Frame Relay, Frame Relay, Dedicated IP services, DSL, 3G and 4G products Managed all voice services such as knowledge of T1, T3, DSL, X.25, SIP trucking and Frame Relay services.. Escalated when needed to iLEC and CLEC providers to ensure timely local loop delivery. I'm proficient at vmware, g, and dsl.]
29992154, [I got my associate of science   health and wellness in science   health and wellness from washington state community college. As a Crew Member, I worked from Mar 2012 to Aug 2012. And my major duty is Consistently provided friendly guest service and heartfelt hospitality.. Promptly and empathetically handled guest concerns and complaints.. Demonstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests, team members and managers.. Operated the drive-through window and sales register quickly and efficiently.. Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.. Pleasantly and courteously interacted with customers.. Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.. Prepared fountain drinks and ice cream items.. Handled currency and credit transactions quickly and accurately.. Followed food safety procedures according to company policies and health and sanitation regulations.. Strictly followed all cash, security, inventory and labor policies and procedures.. Maintained clean and safe environment, including in the kitchen, bathrooms, building exterior, parking lot, dumpster and sidewalk.. Reported to all shifts wearing a neat, clean and unwrinkled uniform.. Reported to each shift on time and ready to work.. Performed all position responsibilities accurately and in a timely manner. I'm proficient at excellent customer service, certified in cpr and first aide, and fast learning and working skills.]
25974844, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in marketing from canisius college. As a Hospital and Physician Billing Specialist, I worked from June 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Joined as an Insurance Verifier and was quickly promoted to a Billing Specialist. Responsible for auditing patient accounts for production of clean claims, which resulted in 15% fewer rejected claims, and reimbursement received from the carriers within an average of 45 days or less. I'm proficient at meditech, hippa compliance, and strong planning skills.]
18129173, [I got my bachelor of science in radiologic technology biology from avila university st   joseph healthcare center. As a Radiology Product Specialist, I worked from January 2001 to January 2002. And my major duty is Performed an array of managerial and administrative duties in support of daily departmental operations.. Asked to initiate the first ever employee retention and client satisfaction program at Cerner.. Communicated effectively with various clientele, helped resolve an array of issues, and increased customer satisfaction by 70%.. Met or exceeded 100% of daily and monthly quotas set by management.. Ranked #5 in the company (out of 300) within the first 6 months of employment. I'm proficient at award winner sales professional, administrative, and biotechnology and pharmaceutical sales.]
26585242, [I got my bachelor   business administration in business administration from . As a Registration Analyst, I worked from 02/2000 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for re-registration of physical assets for trust customers. Streamlined processes by automating applications for quicker processing and problem resolution. Solved re-registration issues through brainstorming and troubleshooting. Created a Microsoft Access program to track pending registration issues and generate reports. Collaborated with company legal counsel for asset restriction removal. Authored and updated procedures for registration process. I'm proficient at business objects, cognos, and problem solving.]
26695839, [I got my mba   business administration in business administration from iona college. As a Pharmacy Tech & Assistant Case Manager, I worked from Jan 2005 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Processed 25 hospital discharges, including proper documentation with PHI and corporate compliance.. Verified proper documentation for 30 clients while coordinating with record management.. Improved billing efficiency by 15% reducing medical insurance claims denials.. Processed 20-25 insurance claims per day, including data entry of claims into hospital EHR.. Processed 100 prescriptions per day with an accuracy of 99.8%.. Down stocked 500 prescriptions during course of employment.. Researched 40 charts for applicable documentation, updating as necessary and reporting effective results to management. I'm proficient at forms, process modeling, and operations management.]
10568183, [I got my bachelor of science in healthcare administration   healthcare management from fayetteville tech community college. As a Bookkeeper, And my major duty is Salary: $20,000.00 per year 40 hours/week.. Supervisor: Milton Hagan.. Duties: Maintained and kept records of cashiers' till balances, prepared bank deposits. balanced cashier tills and office ledgers. developed system to account for financial transactions by establishing a chart of accounts. defining bookkeeping policies and procedures. maintained subsidiary accounts by verifying, allocating, and posting transactions. balanced subsidiary accounts by reconciling entries. maintained general ledger by transferring subsidiary account summaries. balanced general ledger by preparing a trial balance. reconciling entries. maintained historical records by filing documents. prepared financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends. complied with federal, state, and local legal requirements by studying requirements, enforcing adherence to requirements; filing reports, advising management on needed actions, contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. ]
24550866, [I got my bachelor of science degree business administration and management information systems in  from pfeiffer university city. As a Academic Resource Specialist II, And my major duty is Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.. assignment duties such as implementation of performance programs, and lesson assessment programs.. Developed and executed strategic and tactical plans to meet student and organization needs.. Interacted and Partnered with  staff and key management teams in implementing strategic action plans to help with  identifying organization objectives.. Effectively increase retention efforts by 75% through the adoption of the early-alert program through computer software Starfish Application. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and critical thinking proficiency.]
34594746, [I got my business management in business management from prairie state college. As a Customer Service Representative / Sales Agent, I worked from 03/2013 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Uses strong communication and listening skills to handle customer inquiries.. Makes specific offers to customers based on customer interest.. Offers suggested products and services quickly and efficiently.. Adeptly works between multiple applications containing customer and product information.. Answers inquiries by clarifying desired information; researching, locating, and providing information.. Resolves problems by clarifying issues; researching and exploring answers and alternative solutions; implementing solutions; escalating unresolved problems.. Maintains customer and product database. I'm proficient at letters and memos, speaking, and as.]
25834360, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in american history from franklin pierce college. As a Staff Nurse, I worked from September 1987 to August 1991.  I'm proficient at ca, nursing, and statistics.]
27090089, [I got my bachelor of science in  from eastern michigan university city. As a Academic Secretary III, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Administrative support for first through fourth year medical student components.. Main student contact.. Participated in planning and organization of week-long Comprehensive Clinical Assessment Exam for third-year students.. Assisted in planning Orientation for third-year medical students.. Coordinated and planned ongoing faculty and student meetings.. Worked very closely with a variety of departments, faculty and programs within the medical school and external sources.. Organized and prepared student syllabi, schedules and assignments for first and second year students throughout the year.. Initiated and developed procedures manual for job position and daily office procedures. I'm proficient at research, sales, and travel arrangements.]
35422305, [I got my m   d     medicine in medicine from saint petersburg state medical academy. As a Director, Department of General Medicine & Consultative Services; General Physician, I worked from 11/2005 to 06/2012. And my major duty is A 280-bed hospital with 30,000 OPD patients annually. ​. Clinical and quality operations management of the department and 70 FTE clinicians; managed day to day operations of the department and maintained physician relationships; reported to System Chief Medical Officer.. Led the establishment of primary care clinic and supporting diagnostics.. Led planning and construction of three deaddiction and rehabilitation centers.. Directed the organization of yearly medical camps to provide access to care to approximately 900 patients.. Established an international platform for staffing, which led to worldwide recruitment of physicians to provide services.. Led community health needs assessment project to address priority health needs.. Directed cultural competency program and developed training guidelines for health professionals.. Collaborated with Director of Finance to develop system-wide unit report cards to monitor turnover, fiscal resource use, and budgets for departmental activities.. Active with several hospital committees including Member of Patient Safety Committee, Physician Leadership Assembly, and Strategic Planning and Execution Committee. ]
18484846, [I got my baptist school of nursing in physical education   math from harding college. As a Receptionist, I worked from January 1971 to February 1975. And my major duty is Greet visitors, ascertain purpose of visit, and direct them to appropriate staff.. Answer telephones and direct calls to appropriate staff.. Complete insurance or other claim forms.. Interview patients to complete documents, case histories, or forms, such as intake or insurance forms.. Compile and record medical charts, reports, or correspondence, using typewriter.. Perform various clerical or administrative functions, such as ordering and maintaining an inventory of supplies.. Transcribe recorded messages or practitioners' diagnoses or recommendations into patients' medical records.. Receive and route messages or documents, such as laboratory results, to appropriate staff. I'm proficient at telephones, insurance, and forms.]
18949843, [I got my bachelors of science in science from pennsylvania state university. As a Vice President/Co-Owner, I worked from August 2007 to Current. And my major duty is Established an S Corporation from the ground up.. Successfully negotiated contracts with other companies including reviewing and revising any contractual terms and conditions.. Developed budgets, established rates mapped out by area for scheduling.. Supervised staff of 30 in daily activities and quality customer care.. Worked with company President to receive 100% on customer satisfaction survey Accounting both payable and receivable.. Helped the company increase profits by 32% each year. I'm proficient at leadership, quality data analysis and above average computer skills microsoft office suite, and forms.]
17539842, [I got my certificate in administrative assistant in administrative assistant from wake tech community college. As a Certified Nursing Assistant, I worked from Apr 2005 to May 2005. And my major duty is Performed duties in care of patients in their home under direction of nursing and medical staff.. Bathed, dressed, and undressed patients.. Transported patients, using wheelchair wheeled cart and assisted patients to walk.. Prepared meals, and assisted with activities of daily living.. Changed bed linens, ran errands, directed visitors and answered telephone.. Organized and labeled materials. I'm proficient at organizational skills written communications skills verbal communication skills cultural awareness microsoft typing skills ability to focus efficiency self motivation ethical.]
36868767, [I got my master of science degree   mental health counseling   crime justice in psychology from bunker hill community college. As a Dietary Assistant, And my major duty is Maintained established standards of sanitation, safety and food preparation.. Supervised a staff of 7 assigned duties and adherence to company policies, procedures and guidelines.. Ensured temperature goals are met prior to steam table transfer and maintained throughout meal service.. Followed infection control guidelines for sanitizing equipment and cleaning the preparation room.. Ensured equipment and work area are sanitized and maintained.. Continued. I'm proficient at insurance, surgery, and powerpoint.]
97169343, [I got my south texas vocational college in english   communications and journalism from south texas vocational college. As a Medical Insurance Account Representative, And my major duty is Coordinated meetings, developed meeting content and presented all human resources law updates.. Promptly corresponded with all applicants and coordinated and conducted interviews.. Led the creation of recruiting plans for all open positions.. Developed salary proposals for new recruits.. Made salary adjustments and managed contract renewals and promotions.. Tracked candidates and pushed for feedback on disqualifications, time-to-fill statistics and other variables.. Specifically assigned to the. [Department Name]. department for the recruitment of up to. [Number]. requisitions.. Created and completed personnel action forms for all hires, terminations, title changes and terminations.. Handled all immigration-related issues for each business unit. I'm proficient at processes, staffing, and benefits.]
31395710, [I got my bachelor of science     pre   med   foundations in counseling in pre   med   foundations in counseling from samford university. As a Correctional Nurse, And my major duty is Managed and treatment of patients in an correctional setting providing sick call daily and triage care.. Recorded patients' medical history, vital statistics and test results in medical records.. Administered IV therapy and mediation.. Delivered high-quality and compassionate treatment to indigent and low-income patient community.. Developed and maintained quality care systems and standards, including but not limited to, creating and improving medical protocols/guidelines.. Sound, ethical and independent decision-making ability consistent with medical protocols.. Disciplined, energetic employee who quickly establishes rapport with patients and colleagues.. Performed all tasks with a patient-centered focus while seeking opportunities for improvement of processes and treatments.. Provided necessary health education training for patients.. Acted as patient advocate and implemented total patient care through a team nursing process covering (inmates) high acuity patients per shift.. Provided quality nursing care in accordance with resident care policies and procedures.. Worked as part of team to ensure proper care of body mechanics and safety of patient.. Partnered with team of Registered Nurses to ensure over all well-being of all patients.. Tested glucose and administered injections.. Maintained patient charts and confidential files.. Assessed patients in active withdrawal and provided interventions to manage physical and psychological withdrawal symptoms. ]
17576030, [I got my criminal justice in criminal justice from . As a Sales, And my major duty is Helped grow the business from the inside out.. Maintained detailed records of jobs and potential clients.. Maintained client relations and work.. ​ ]
24444525, [I got my bachelor in arts of education in physical education from university of turabo. As a Strength and Conditioning Trainer and Assistant Coach of Swimming, I worked from Jan 2005 to Jan 2011. And my major duty is Perform fitness assessments, determine exercise prescriptions, and design workout programs for all the team members.. Arrived on time, prepared and attentive for every training.. Administered fitness assessments, which included the seven point skin-fold body fat measurements, blood pressure and treadmill tests.. Instruct of group exercise classes.. Assistant coach of swimming program in the American University.. Perform administrative tasks associated with facility operations. I'm proficient at educator and bilingual, computer literate excel, and designing.]
10268614, [I got my master of science   human nutrition in nutritional genomics from university of new haven. As a Trainee in food services and in healthy and therapeutic nutrition, I worked from February 2012 to March 2012. And my major duty is Manage tray line, checking and setting up trays to ensure patient food orders are correct according to their dietary need and disease status. Utilize sanitation procedures at all times with food interaction and handling. Work with specialized diets, kidney dialysis patients. Screen all newly admitted patients for nutrition concerns. Daily round on patients for nutrition concerns and risks. Provide special diet menu options for inpatients ]
29792535, [I got my master of science   recreation administration in facilities management from western kentucky university. As a Research Assistant, And my major duty is Conduct and assist with research studies such as Exercise Post Oxygen Consumption (EPOC),. Callahan Study. involving maximal and sub-maximal VO2 testing, and apoptosis.. Research was presented at the annual American College of Sports Medicine conference.. Assist professors and students with class research labs. I'm proficient at including w, scheduling services, and as well.]
15932017, [I got my dental assistant license   registered dental assistant in dental assistant from uei college. As a Registered Dental Assistant, I worked from September 2011 to September 2014. And my major duty is Politely answered phones and scheduled or confirmed office appointments and surgeries.. Set up examination room and dental trays in preparation for examinations and procedures.. Successfully assisted the dentist by performing four-handed dentistry and other chair-side duties.. Completed patient paperwork and scanned into Dentrix system.. Alerted other staff when patients arrived and prepared records for dentist review.. Accurately recorded treatment information in patient records.. Educated patients about proper oral hygiene and plaque control procedures.. Worked closely with patients before, during and after dental procedures.. Diligently cleaned instruments and work areas in accordance with sterilization and disinfectant protocol.. Maintained clear, organized and clean work environment. I'm proficient at filing and data archiving, organized, and first aid and cpr certified.]
23063986, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science   recreation   sport   and tourism tourism from bachelor of science   recreation   sport   and tourism tourism. I have 8 work experiences. I worked from January 2018 to Current. And my major duty is Research and aid in planning exercises options for FitGames.. Identify and create new business contacts.. Update social media account with weekly posts.. Implement new strategies approved by owner for business growth.I worked from February 2017 to Current. And my major duty is Code data from surveys onto Age Options database.. Analyze the data to find any correlation among the survey responses.. Create graphs and charts to display findings.. Write research report on findings.I worked from May 2017 to Current. And my major duty is Create monthly schedules for 30 student employees.. Create and assign daily tasks for student employees.. Keep track of personnel during shifts.. Record notes for weekly meeting.I worked from September 2017 to December 2017. And my major duty is Research in cost-effective marketing strategies.. Manage multiple social media accounts daily to increase brand awareness.. Ran front desk and process membership payments.I worked from February 2016 to May 2017. And my major duty is Operated cash register to process over 50 transactions by credit daily.. Stocked and back stocked merchandise to maintain inventory orderly.. Greeted customers and answer any questions in person or over the phone in order to provide excellent customer service.I worked from October 2016 to May 2017. And my major duty is Created a code book in order to ease the data entering process.. Cleaned the data in order to create a hypothesis from the results found.. Facilitated a group of four in conducting an external-internal (SWOT) analysis of the program.. Present findings at annual Research Symposium.I worked from December 2014 to January 2016. And my major duty is Provided quality customer service by responding to 15 customer needs and assist any questions or concerns daily.. Conducted over 100 transactions by cash and credit daily.. Issued government standard lotto transactions.. Run cash file reports and make daily deposits of the store's profit in order to open and close store operations and registers.I worked from September 2014 to December 2014. And my major duty is Advised 30 elementary students to address math and readings concerns.. Supervised 30-35 children between ages of 8-9 on group readings and math oriented activities.. Motivated children to continue their education by providing positive comments on their progress. I'm proficient at leadership, book, and extremely organized.]
10816645, [I got my bachelor   s degree   psychology   government in psychology   government from university of tampa. As a Fitness Instructor, I worked from 08/2011 to now.And my major duty is YMCA of the Suncoast, Highland Recreation Complex  Responsibilities Developed, organized, and maintained fitness classes for members in an effective, efficient, and professional manner through personal recognition, relationship building, and safe execution.. Advised members on items related to fitness, exercise principles, and wellness.. Kept and maintained up-to-date trends in the fitness industry.. Encouraged members to reach their fitness and wellness goals. I'm proficient at health education, ad, and seminars.]
11522068, [I got my  in basic courses from texas tech. As a An Assistant, I worked from June 2011 to June 2011. And my major duty is at an after school program called AlphaBEST.. Provided children from the grades K-5 a safe and friendly place to be after school hours.. Introduced fun and exciting new ways to learn outside of the classroom with student centers and interactive activities.. Mentored inner city children in New York City providing them with love and attention.And my major duty is Served with my sisters in a Christian Sorority serving Texas Tech and our community in Lubbock, TX. I'm proficient at leadership, coach, and read.]
10568350, [I got my high school diploma in high school from eagan high school. As a Waitress / Cocktail Server / Beer Tub, I worked from May 2012 to December 2012. And my major duty is Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.. Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.. Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.. Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.. Participated in bar incentives and contests to drive sales and promote the venue.. Maintained a positive working relationship with fellow staff and management.. Displayed friendly, outgoing and energetic behavior to create a warm, fun atmosphere for guests. I'm proficient at sales, clients, and statistics.]
18767449, [I got my bachelor of science in computer information system business management from alabama state university city. As a Data Entry Operator, I worked from 03/2009 to now.And my major duty is Information Processing.. Reviewed corrected data for deficiencies, errors and incompatibilities.. Applied data program techniques and procedures. I'm proficient at application including ms office suite, e mail management, and technologically savvy.]
20457611, [I got my masters of business administration in english english from western new mexico university city. As a Account Manager, And my major duty is Initiated all necessary administrative functions for Account Executives and Sales Team members in order to set-up new loan submissions and fund complete loan packages.. Created and maintained complex databases to resolve discrepancies in individual loan packages and accounts under narrow time constraints.. Researched and performed comprehensive research and attended various training courses to ensure proper loan handling. I'm proficient at technical support, finance, and ledger.]
54259150, [I got my bachelor of science in communications spanish from ithaca college. As a Trainer/Coach, I worked from November 2013 to Current. And my major duty is Coach small group training classes utilizing an assortment of exercise equipment; ie; dumbells, TRX suspension straps, Bosu Balls, ab dollies, water rowers and treadmills.  Responsible for providing safe and effective exercise modifications on an as needed basis.  Motivate members to work beyond their expectations in a fun, yet professional manner.  Encourage members to continue attending training session I'm proficient at leadership, interpersonal skills, and instructor.]
67032711, [I got my bachelor of arts   human resources and international business law in human resources and international business law from liberty university. As a Sterilization Technician, And my major duty is Answered telephones and give appropriate information to callers.. Greeted           visitors and handled their inquiries or directed them to appropriate persons           according to their needs.. Order and dispense supplies.. Sterilize tools for usage. I'm proficient at leadership, problem solver, and avid listener.]
12019284, [I got my master   s of business administration in general management from university of phoenix city. As a Event Management, I worked from 11/2006 to now.And my major duty is Organized and prepared materials for school athletic events including basketball and volleyball matches.. Sold and distributed tickets at athletic events working within the ticket sales and will call sales offices.. Tracked game day attendance by counting tickets prior to completion of each match.. Provided extraordinary game day experience by escorting ticket holders to seats, handing out flyers, and answering questions. I'm proficient at leadership, blood pressure, and processes.]
38650096, [I got my bachelor of science   nutrition in nutrition from mesa community college. As a Wellness Coordinator/Group Instructor, I worked from 10/2012 to 05/2013. And my major duty is To open Wellness Center, answering phones, scheduling appointments, creating monthly Newsletters, Calendar of Events for internal staff To communicate via intranet for VA employees, to send reminders for scheduled events To develop and maintain existing Excel Spreadsheets in an effort to track progress of trained staff members and new members. I'm proficient at onedrive, microsoft excel, and excellent phone skills.]
32651555, [I got my general education in general education from camden county high school. As a Airborne Radar Operator / Sensor Operator, And my major duty is Written up for Tactical Operator of the Quarter during first deployment.Scored a 394 out of 400 on Search and Rescue Physical Evaluation of Western Operators and scored 4.0 out of 4.0 on the academic portion of the evaluation.. Awarded for being the only Operator to score that high on entire evaluation of Pacific Navy.Cover page and 4 page article in FUTURES Magazine, a military recruiting magazine distributed across the nation.. Also Featured on Today'sMilitary.comDiving with a Navy Search-and-Rescue Swimmer: http:// youtu.be/DPNfXayzvL4. I'm proficient at leadership, speaking, and bi.]
55746506, [I got my b   a   sport and recreation management in sport and recreation management from new england college. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and letters.]
10235429, [I got my high school diploma   university of texas   city   state communications in communications from university of texas. As a Memory Products Buyer, I worked from 1988 to 1991. And my major duty is Additional purchasing experience with two high-technology firms in Austin, TX,. I'm proficient at distribution strategies, client relationships, and customer retention.]
30757456, [I got my bachelor of arts   english   communications in english   communications from new england college. As a Head Strength and Conditioning Coach/Assistant Alpine Coach, I worked from Apr 2001 to May 2004. And my major duty is Head Strength and Conditioning Coach/Assistant Alpine Coach United States Disabled/Paralympic Ski Team Designed, implemented and coached discipline specific strength and conditioning programs for elite World Cup and Paralympic athletes.. Compiled data and kept records to track progress of athletes.. Coordinated with USOC Sport Science programs to enhance performance of athletes.. Coordinated with Howard Head Sport Medicine, Vail, CO. to enhance testing of athletes.. Supervised and mentored of all coaches individual programs.. Presented information to PSIA and USSCA coaches on strength and conditioning for disabled athletes.. Responsible for the on-hill training environment that including safety systems setup, course-setting, timing and video capture and analysis.. On-hill coaching of athletes to improve performance for training and racing.. Athletic management of each athlete individually to ensure proper training time, start management and qualification.. Coordinated sponsorship and purchase plans between athletes and equipment manufacturers.. Maintained and designed specific equipment based on athletes individual disabilities.. Designed, set-up and managed events including National elite FIS disabled ski races and International World Cup disabled alpine ski races. I'm proficient at sponsorship and partnerships, exos xps, and internationally recognized speaker for the nsca and keiser corp present.]
19037403, [I got my associate of arts in sports medicine from ventura community college. As a Membership Manager, I worked from September 1987 to October 1990. And my major duty is As a Membership Manager I was responsible for selling, managing and updating all memberships for the gym.. This job required many phone calls and meetings with new and existing members.. I would make sure they were content with their membership and their experience in our gym.. I truly loved working with people of all ages on a daily basis and making sure that all their needs were met. I'm proficient at computer proficient, office management, and creative problem solving.]
32636041, [I got my m   s     kinesiology in kinesiology from university of arizona. As a Personal Trainer & Group Fitness Instructor, I worked from March 2007 to January 2009. And my major duty is Created specialized wellness programs for clients. Included challenging cases of extreme obesity, debilitating illness (scoliosis, epilepsy), mental illness (depression and anxiety), and injury. I'm proficient at microsoft office power point, scientific methods, and drafting and editing publications.]
27974588, [I got my bachelor of science   animal science in animal science from the ohio state university. As a Group Fitness Instructor, I worked from Jul 1994 to Aug 1998. And my major duty is Taught General group fitness including Boot camp, Step, Hi-Lo, Running & Weights I'm proficient at inspirational, aim i body pump, and afaa step certification.]
24251588, [I got my bachelor of science degree   recreation management marketing in recreation management marketing from appalachian state university. As a Health and Wellness Director, I worked from May 2007 to March 2010. And my major duty is Delivered exceptional member service and programs for 1300 households.. Hired, trained and supervised group exercise, personal training, wellness, and membership team members.. Developed $800,000 budget as well as creating a marketing plan and promotional materials.. Designed and delivered maintenance programs for Cardiac Rehab and Physical Therapy graduates.. Provided fitness assessments, health risk appraisal and one-on-one personal training.. Developed "Positive Attitude" Weight Loss Program for significantly overweight participants.. Implemented and delivered YMCA Healthy Back Program.. Established Membership Retention and Recruitment "Best Practices." Partnered with ASU to study physical exertion levels with XRKADE vs.traditional activity among elementary students.. Created and promoted Total Health Program offering nutrition and wellness in collaboration with area health care providers. I'm proficient at technical support, phone, and coaching.]
97123005, [I got my bachelor   arts human resource management in arts human resource management from saint leo university. As a Dispatcher/ Customer Service Representative, I worked from February 2000 to August 2003. And my major duty is Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities of 18 waste transportation employees.. Negotiated contracts with outside providers to minimize costs to the company and customers.. Evaluated operational records including driver daily logs DOT and waste transfer stops to assure compliance to state regulations. Created scheduling adjustments to efficiently maximize waste removal. Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times. I'm proficient at nthusiastic people person, advanced problem solving, and letters and memos.]
38642923, [I got my master of science in journalism marketing from radford university. As a Administrative Coordinator, I worked from September 2002 to May 2006. And my major duty is Managed member database Worked closely with owners to develop targeted marketing plan to maximize membership Coordinated communications and built relationships between competitive gymnastics team staff and parent organization Handled incoming calls from the public, answering program questions and taking registrations. I'm proficient at finance, database, and database management.]
39805617, [I got my bachelor   s degree   nursing in nursing from california state university stanislaus   city   state nursing associate   s degree   general studies        university of maryland university   city   state general studies licensed vocational nurse anticipated certified nurse assistant        ncp college of nursing. As a Merchandiser Costco, I worked from January 2008 to January 2010. And my major duty is Stocked, straightened, shrink-wrapped, and labeled merchandise for sale in the warehouse while following standard merchandise standards and precautions keeping sales floor clear of debris and empty pallets.. Assembled and constructed 100+ display models and safely secured them for public showing.. Enhanced seasonal sales by creatively organizing merchandise that intrigued customers to explore the product and encouraged customers to purchase the product.. Provided prompt and courteous customer service to members, employees, and suppliers.. Helped members to load merchandise into their carts/vehicles, directed members to merchandise, and relayed proper knowledge of merchandise to customers and employees. I'm proficient at sales, problem solving skills, and customer service.]
20565486, [I got my  in  from st   louis community college city. As a Customer Service Manager, And my major duty is Exercised general supervision of the staff to ensure all functions are performed in accordance        with established guidelines and procedures.. Was a member of the elite training program which involved the training, motivation, and monitoring of direct reports.. Performed monthly, quarterly, and yearly audits of the branch in order to stay in compliance.. Diligently stressed quality customer service and sales quotas to each associate. I'm proficient at exercise science online coaching, powerpoint, and cpr and first aid.]
28669770, [I got my bachelor of science in exercise science and human performance          exercise science and human performance a   a   exercise science from mesabi range community college. As a Personal Trainer, I worked from 12/2008 to 09/2010. And my major duty is Assessed the needs and capabilities of individuals through fitness assessment procedures.. Advised individuals on the correct method and use of exercise machines and devices including weights.. Developed individual exercise programs for individuals based on age and fitness levels.. Provided instruction in a variety of fitness activities including non-gym related activities.. Motivated clients to work to his/her maximum and safe potential for the entire workout.. Assured all exercises are done with proper form and technique maximizing results.. Helped clients develop realistic, attainable goals and continually modifying training objectives. I'm proficient at purchasing, clients, and instruction.]
17660419, [I got my m   a   physical education in psychology from north park university. As a Personal Trainer, I worked from January 2011 to Current.  I'm proficient at supervising, speaker, and english.]
22855060, [I got my some college   coursework in business   management and communications   strategic leadership course in business from buisness southern indiana. As a Fitness Manager, I worked from Mar 2015 to Mar 2015. And my major duty is Team Leader. Tracking Sales. Help and Development in Training Programs. Manage 16 Personal trainers. Oversee All Operations on the floor/group training. Conducted weekly Training Meetings. Schedule Client appointments. Front Desk customer service. Prepare weekly Reports I'm proficient at satisfaction, instructor, and training.]
17163375, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology brain and behavioral sciences in psychology from purdue university city. As a Fitness Consultant, And my major duty is Keep watch for any safety infractions. Answer any needs/questions that patrons have. Provide a fun and safe environment for patrons to workout in I'm proficient at all microsoft programs, bbp certified, and first aid certified.]
35302620, [I got my bachelor of science in criminal justice   anthropology from the state university of new jersey. As a Customer Service Specialist, I worked from 05/2012 to 12/2013. And my major duty is Ensure to provide excellent customer service through phone, e-mail, chat, etc. in timely and accurate manner.. Serve as liaison between customer support team, management and customer to improve customer service and business productivity.. Assisted the Duty Manager in maintaining the gym: Checking inventory, counting register, administering payments from members. Solicited and received feedback to improve the efficiency of services. Assist in training peers on improving customer support service.. Provided child-sitting service to customers I'm proficient at satisfaction, training, and liaison.]
19599699, [I got my bachelor of arts in exercise science from baldwin wallace university city. As a Student Assistant, And my major duty is Utilize Front Rush website to enter football and lacrosse recruit and roster information.. Organize and coordinate football recruiting events during the fall, including giving tours.. Provide office support for football and lacrosse coaches.. Restock office and break room supplies.And my major duty is Individually standardized jelly and ice cream topping batches (checked pH, temperature, and consistency).. Trained in operation and safety of a stand up and sit down forklift.. Consistently met quotas when packed jelly, syrup, ice cream toppings and plate scapers into boxes.. Operated label machine allowing for continual operation and upkeep. I'm proficient at powerpoint, office, and safety.]
17286050, [I got my  in law and justice   paralegal studies from central washington university. As a Police Services Specialist II, I worked from Jan 1997 to Mar 2004.  I'm proficient at research, computer proficient, and customer service.]
15293959, [I got my bachelor of arts in political science from california state university city. As a Fitness Director - Certified Personal Trainer, I worked from 01/2007 to 06/2008. And my major duty is Managed and trained fitness staff in sales and exercise techniques.. Scheduled and performed fitness evaluations with new members.. Participated in regional conferences to improve sales and personal training skills.. Successfully sold personal training packages and provided personal training sessions.. Designed enjoyable and innovative customized training programs based upon fitness goals.. Conducted on-site seminars and workshops to generate interest in new club activities.. Managed the Personal Trainer schedule, making sure sessions were completed timely and professionally. I'm proficient at excellent written, strong organizational skills, and balance.]
10428916, [I got my bachelor of science   kinesiology in kinesiology from east carolina university. As a Facility Manager, I worked from 01/2010 to 05/2012. And my major duty is Supervised 40  staff at the university's 100,000 square foot facility and assisted in the new hire recruitment and training procedures.. Provided exceptional customer service to all members and prepared daily reports recording any issues within the facility.. Administrative support by assisting with budget preparation, financial reports, membership sales, payment records, account charges, collections and deposits Leadership ..................................... 2014- Lead over 250 employees at The Center for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) "Healthiest Center Institute Office (CIO)" annual program and more than doubled their participation rate from the two previous years.. Member of Center for Disease Control and Prevention Wellness on Worksite committee.. 2012-Only intern hired to become part of the Progressive Exercise Specialist team based off of performance, professionalism, and dedication shown during internship. I'm proficient at budget allocation, good interpersonal skills that can help in building a strong team for the growth of the organization, and microsoft office programs.]
52684666, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from bachelor of science   nursing. As a Fitness Center Attendant, I worked from 01/2009 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Implemented excellent customer service skills daily in fitness facilities while ensuring patron satisfaction with equipment and fitness environment Performed all administrative duties related to fitness facility including monthly patron attendance counts, performing equipment cleaning checks, and filing incidence reports related to damaged equipment and/or injuries acquired within the facility Supervised 50 undergraduate students for two years upon promotion to promote fitness and health initiatives across campus and oversee fitness center operations Served as a liaison between student staff and supervisory staff to communicate issues with equipment, patron satisfaction ratings of facilities, and safety concerns with facilities Oriented new employees to facilities and designed team-building training guidelines new staff members Managed issues with student scheduling of fitness centers, including no-show coverage issues, by being flexible and available to other staff members and using effective communication skills. I'm proficient at processes, supervisory, and promotion.]
19774173, [I got my associate of arts in business administration accounting from northeast ms community college. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Team player mentality		Fitness programming specialist Verbal/written communication		Zumba instructor Time Management	Nutrition supplement familiarity Opened and closed the store, including counting cash, opening and closing cash registers and creating staff assignments as well as shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations to meet that specific need. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, cash handling, and positive attitude and energy.]
23011221, [I got my bba   management in management from bauer university of houston   city management. As a Administrative Clerk, I worked from 05/2009 to 09/2017. And my major duty is •	Checked in members as well as answered Questions and Concerns. •	Led programs in science, technology, engineering, and math for young children. •	Assisted with new employee orientation. Greeted incoming customers in a professional manner and provided friendly, knowledgeable assistance. I'm proficient at payroll coordination, human resources certification, and workforce improvements.]
13367322, [I got my no degree in no degree from arizona western college. As a Server/Bartender, I worked from 06/2011 to 07/2015. And my major duty is Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.. Educated guests on daily specials and menu offerings such as appetizers, entrees and desserts.. Satisfied customers by keeping drinks topped off and anticipating needs such as condiments and extra napkins.. Restocked nonperishables and other items, including condiments and napkins from inventory to keep pantry well-supplied.. Checked patrons' identification to monitor minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages.. Greeted customers, assisted with questions and made recommendations concerning daily specials, wine selections and desserts to guide patrons toward more profitable items.. Promoted desserts, appetizers and specialty drinks.. Assisted individuals in selecting meal options, including entrees and desserts and recommended alternative items for those with food allergies and gluten intolerances.. Completed opening and closing checklists by emptying trash, safeguarding alcohol and polishing silverware.. Cleaned dining area between guests with efficient sweeping, glass washing and spill removal.. Partnered with team members to efficiently serve food and beverages.. Managed closing duties, including restocking items and reconciling cash drawer.. Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management for resolution.. Reviewed identification for patrons before serving alcoholic drinks.. Checked on guests to verify satisfaction with meals and suggested additional items to increase restaurant sales.. Minimized customer wait times by efficiently taking and filling large volume of orders each day.. Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.. Requested photo identification from patrons ordering alcoholic beverages to verify legal age of consumption.. Attended to new customers quickly to inquire about drinks and start off dining experience with prompt beverage service.. Processed customers' payments and provided receipts.. Carefully transferred orders from kitchen and bar areas to tables and cleared plates as patrons finished food and beverage items.. Applied safe food handling and optimal cleaning strategies to protect customers from foodborne illness and maintain proper sanitation.. Maintained polite and professional demeanor to patrons to encourage inquiries and order placements.. Prepared both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages as specified by patrons, consistently delivering to tables or bar without spillage.. Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options.. Greeted newly seated guests quickly and efficiently.. Explained menu options to guests, offered suggestions and took orders for food and beverages.. Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.. Communicated effectively with patrons to establish preferences and dietary restrictions and make food and beverage recommendations.. Checked with guests to get feedback on food served, resolve issues, bring additional items and refill beverages. I'm proficient at answering inbound calls, observation, and project organization.]
16038911, [I got my certified personal training certification in weight training   physical education from belmont abbey college. As a Sports Recreational Assistant, I worked from 11/2012 to now.And my major duty is Greet new arrivals to activities, introducing them to other participants, explaining facility rules, and encouraging participation.. Officiate at sporting events, games, or competitions, to maintain standards of play and to ensure that game rules are observed.. Judge performances in sporting competitions in order to award points, impose scoring penalties, and determine results.. Inspect sporting equipment and/or examine participants in order to ensure compliance with event and safety regulations.. Keep track of event times, including race times and elapsed time during game segments, starting or stopping play when necessary.. Signal participants or other officials to make them aware of infractions or to otherwise regulate play or competition.. Verify scoring calculations before competition winners are announced.. Resolve claims of rule infractions or complaints by participants and assess any necessary penalties, according to regulations.. Start races and competitions.. Teach and explain the rules and regulations governing a specific sport.. Verify credentials of participants in sporting events, and make other qualifying determinations such as starting order or handicap number.. Confer with other sporting officials, coaches, players, and facility managers in order to provide information, coordinate activities, and discuss problems.. Report to regulating organizations regarding sporting activities, complaints made, and actions taken or needed such as fines or other disciplinary actions.. Compile scores and other athletic records.. Direct participants to assigned areas such as starting blocks or penalty areas.. Research and study players and teams in order to anticipate issues that might arise in future engagements.I worked from 02/2013 to now.And my major duty is Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.. Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.. Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.. Determine charges for services requested, collect deposits or payments, or arrange for billing.. Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.. Recommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems.. Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.. Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.. Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.. Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.. Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.. Prepare sales slips or sales contracts.. Maintain records related to sales.. Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.. Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.. Inventory stock and requisition new stock.. Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales.. Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns.. Clean shelves, counters, and tables.. Help customers try on or fit merchandise.. Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering.. Advise patients about treatments and foot care techniques necessary for prevention of future problems.. Prepare inserts, heel pads, and lifts from casts of customers' feet.. Measure customers for fit,and discuss with them the type of footwear to be made, recommending details such as leather quality. I'm proficient at benefits, paint, and programming.]
30990885, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from c   t   bauer college of business. As a Service Representative Lead, I worked from December 2014 to August 2015. And my major duty is Organized inventory (FIFO method).. Met weekly deadlines for inventory, and members' financial transactions.. Organized banking information for POS system. I'm proficient at phone, powerpoint, and banking.]
12923795, [I got my SEP  leadership university of virginia   city   state   usa digital electronics      devry institute of technology   city   state   usa gpa   gpa          digital electronics gpa          developmental activities activity   program date   s   bamp   high performance leadership in digital electronics from devry institute of technology. As a International Service Director, I worked from Jan 1995 to Apr 1998. And my major duty is Directed all activities of 22 field engineers in providing service and support for all ARJO, Century and vendor products sold through 55 nationwide sales centers; reported directly to the Vice President of service and technical support.. Pioneered various service enhancements which directly led to increased sales and customer satisfaction.. Developed and implemented all service and repair parts marketing programs.. Directed the development of Systems for multi-product support and realized significant cost savings.. Contributed to the development and improvement of service systems to manage service delivery coverage and increase profitability. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and strategic operational business and financial planning.]
20279756, [I got my bachelor of science in criminal justice from south carolina state university. As a General Manager Personal Training/Personal Trainer, I worked from January 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Earned the Personal Trainer of the Month Award 5 consecutive months for most revenue earned each month. Monitored 30,000.00 project budgets each month. Mentored, coached and trained 8 team members. Recruited, hired and trained 4 new employees for sales and personal training. Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations. Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales. Led weekly meetings to review performance and offer direction, motivation and guidance toward achieving individual and facility goals. I'm proficient at problem resolution, team building, and sales.]
25838512, [I got my bachelor of science in sports management from george mason university. As a Administrator, And my major duty is Directed marketing initiatives, forecasted needs and adjusted future plans, created professional  business presentations, maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve  accuracy and efficiency, filed insurance, coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between. I'm proficient at cash flow, insurance, and business presentations.]
17431847, [I got my bachelor of science   human performance in human performance from college of health professions. As a Wellness Center Internship, I worked from August 2011 to December 2011. And my major duty is Prescribed Fitness programs for members of the wellness center.. Shadowed in Physical Therapy, Cardiac Rehabilitation, and Orthopedic Surgeries.. Designed and completed wellness program using Kinesis equipment for weight loss for future study.. Completed 500 internship hours. I'm proficient at website development, distant learning education, and time management.]
28321954, [I got my murray state college in murray state college from murray state college. As a Personal Training Director, I worked from 02/2013 to 12/2015.  I'm proficient at staff leadership, excellent communication, and materials.]
11332602, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing from johnson c   smith university. As a Sports Director, I worked from March 2003 to May 2005. And my major duty is Develop all extracurricular sports programs for Corporate Office at Club Level.. Organized Basketball and Racquetball Leagues throughout North Jersey La Fitness locations.. Analyzed all statistics, data, and systems of the sports programs.. Implemented first company racquetball league program in North Jersey and Staten Island · Increased company league programs by 35% in first semester. I'm proficient at problem solving, delivery, and business operations.]
17166018, [I got my kinesiology in sports studies from louisiana state university. As a Trainer, Bartender, Server, I worked from 11/2010 to now. I'm proficient at curriculum development, administrative management, and goal setting and implementation athletic program development and management.]
29573698, [I got my associate of arts in general business from mesa community college. As a Service Representative, And my major duty is Compile information about new accounts, enter account information into computers, and file related forms or other documents.. Handle inbound calls; resolve membership issues; answer customer inquiries; redirect phone calls to appropriate associates.. Understand and implement company policies as well as explain policies to customers in a straight forward and professional manner.. Operate register and process cash/credit transactions; opened and closed out registers.. Collect referrals and inform members of membership promotions for discounts and deals. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, exceptional organizational skills, and eager and fast learner.]
95769832, [I got my graduate in western high school from tallahassee community college. As a Sales Counselor, I worked from 01/2014 to now.And my major duty is Generated leads by outside and in-club marketing.. Called prospective leads to schedule guest workouts and appointments for tours.. Performed tours to prospects and built value which resulted in memberships.. Assisted in maintenance of facility and equipment.. Cleansed and upheld appliances.. Friendly and timely interaction with guests and team members, suggestive selling, and answering questions.. Handled member service issues such as lost and found items, new membership cards, change of address, EFT setup or change, and questions regarding billings and payments.. Answered all incoming inquiries and obtained appropriate information to direct/transfer calls or take messages. I'm proficient at take messages, billings, and first aid.]
89858892, [I got my state high school in chief sealth international high school from chief sealth international high school. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Organized storage areas to maximize movement efficiency and minimize labor.. Opened and checked deliveries to verify contents and resolve issues with vendors promptly.. Prepared accurate shipping orders and bills of lading to direct and route materials.. Received and staged incoming inventory for movement to storage or sales floor.. Supervised warehouse team, including schedule management, training and task delegation.. Kept stockroom free of hazards, working efficiently and properly organized.. Investigated inventory discrepancies to maintain recordkeeping validity.. Partnered with vendor representatives to rectify damages and shortages.. Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other.. Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.And my major duty is Guided team to consistently achieve daily, weekly and monthly goals.. Oversaw team of 25+ associates.. Maintained consistent daily operations by establishing procedures and monitoring team performance.. Assessed each employee's individual strengths and delivered mentoring to improve upon weak skill levels.. Identified sales opportunities by analyzing multiple reports to target our lacking departments. Managed special projects through effective emergency resolution.. Maintained retail store presentation by overseeing merchandise replenishment, customer courtesy and inquiry response.. Motivated employees to share ideas and feedback.. Assessed team proficiencies, identifying and targeting areas for improvement.. Formed and sustained strategic relationships with vendors.. Empowered staff members to contribute to continuous improvement, quality and growth of company by using effective communication and fostering organic relationships.. Monitored metrics to verify asset stability.. Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building rapport.. Prioritized sanitation, safety and health standards in work areas to meet OSHA requirements.. Generated repeat business by responding to customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.And my major duty is Exceeded sales goals and improved profitability by aligning sales strategies and business plans with market trends.. Oversaw management and implementation of new revenue strategies, sales initiatives and customer engagement tactics to increase market share.. Tracked monthly sales to generate reports for business development planning.. Implemented CRM strategy to automate leads management.. Created and finalized quotes to complete deals between company, vendors and customers.. Developed and implemented new sales strategies to engage a bigger audience. Boosted team morale and overall sales volume by creating employee incentive sales contests.. Maintained professional network of potential clients and business opportunities.. Generated sales by starting a healthy outreach to local businessesAnd my major duty is Managed company operations with responsibility for profit and loss, scheduling, training and inventory control.. Assessed, optimized and elevated operations to target current and expected demands.. Received, evaluated and scanned in all new inventory, updated computer database and proactively resolved any variances.. Received, checked-in and stocked merchandise throughout store, helped maintain store inventory levels and assisted with orderliness and cleanliness of sales floor and stock room.. Replenished inventory to maintain par levels and completed quarterly inventory audits, counted and updated inventory reports upon receipt of new shipments.. Secured revenue, accurately monitoring cash intake and maintaining store policy updates to eliminate discrepancies.. Directed day-to-day operations by spearheading implementation of short-term and long-term strategies to achieve business plan and profitability goals.. Improved morale and management communication by creating employee recognition and rewards practices.. Planned daily operational strategies, including delivery routing, team workflows and promotional initiatives.. Oversaw financial management activities, including budget management, accounting and payroll.. Resolved issues, including challenges regarding circuits, websites and vendors.. Trained, mentored and motivated employees to maximize team productivity. I'm proficient at mentoring and training, maintaining safety, and retail inventory management.]
22488036, [I got my master of science in mechanical engineering from anna university. As a Maintenance Engineer Intern, And my major duty is Investigated operations and maintenance problems of Heat Exchangers and Refrigerators Monitored, Analyzed and Initiated actions for increasing efficiency of operation Studied P&ID's, Wiring Diagrams and Manuals and recommended economic maintenance solutions Developed prototype of a heat exchanger with an integrated hydrophobic coating that costed $10 per foot Succeeded in increasing the condensation rate by 27%, making it more environment friendly Proposed a model that was 21% compact and 22% ($18k) less expensive, that performs equally well in comparison with present heat exchangers Submitted a report with scope for improvement in innovative design and reduced cost. I'm proficient at pro engineer, mac os, and linux.]
22093368, [I got my bachelor of science   management in management from park university   city. As a Training Manager, Staff Sergeant, I worked from October 2004 to September 2008. And my major duty is Reviewed training circulars, master training schedules, inspections and test results to determine necessary unit and individual training.. Assisted in designing, developing, evaluating, revising, and selecting training programs, training material (written training guides or pamphlets, graphic visual aids, training films, video cassettes, sound recordings, multi-media video training tapes, or curriculum materials, etc.), training methods (classroom lecture, hands on, e-learning, computer based, etc.), and training aids for the professional development and delivery of training in support.. Used advanced technology programs to create, develop, and facilitate training functions (i.e., automated tracking system, tracking of student certification/re-certification status, maintaining information, and researching outside sources for training support material, etc.) and developed and implemented testing procedures for required certifications.. Provided instructional support for the education and training programs, with emphasis on the development and implementation of the educational component of the Prevention and Management of failures.. Planned, promoted, and developed educational programs and designs the program by analyzing the need for personnel, facilities, supplies, and materials.. Developed new or revised training or materials for formal/informal courses.. Evaluated and analyzed the effectiveness of all training programs. I'm proficient at leadership, excellent written and verbal, and excellent computer skills microsoft word.]
31042953, [I got my bachelor of arts   exercise science in exercise science from hofstra. As a Customer Service Associate, I worked from January 2006 to January 2007. And my major duty is Provided service to patrons by assisting them with their shopping experience. Handled a variety of different check-out transactions for customers in both a timely and accurate manner. Responded to customer needs to ensure that situations were promptly resolved. Accountable for cash register funds, including the preparation of deposits. Assisted with the general store maintenance and stock levels when appropriate I'm proficient at excellent working knowledge of computer hardware and technology in general proficiency with microsoft windows and office applications.]
24994145, [I got my b   a   communications in communications from southern connecticut state university. As a PERSONAL TRAINING, I worked from 07/2000 to now.And my major duty is Extensive one-to-one personal training experience in gyms, personal training studios and homes. Nutritional guidance and support. Guide clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations. Administer fitness assessments with all clients including body composition testing, blood pressure, and treadmill tests. Design safe and effective  strength training, cardiovascular and flexibility programs based on client goals. Regularly trained staff on fitness industry updates and coached personal trainers on professional conduct I'm proficient at professional speaking radio, coaching, and fitness training.]
56286525, [I got my business administration in business administration from whittier. As a Personal Fitness trainer, I worked from 01/1997 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for developing detailed exercise, dieting and nutritional plans to help clients reach their fitness goals.. My goals were to develop and maintain my client list to interact with new and existing members to encourage and engage them to develop my business. I'm proficient at leadership, staffing, and government.]
32517106, [I got my bachelor of science in nutrition science from clark atlanta university. As a Sales Associate, I worked from Current to now.And my major duty is Researched and identified nutritional components of foods, diets and menu choices.. Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.. Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.. Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
38108845, [I got my bachelor of science   sports and leisure studies in bachelor of science   sports and leisure studies from ohio state university. As a General Manager, I worked from Jul 1998 to Dec 2004. And my major duty is Maintained the Power Shack Fitness Facilities.. Managed Department Managers.. Created annual budgets and ensured the company's financial success.. In the company's 20-year history, Power Shack Fitness achieved its best years financially in 2002, 2003, and 2004.. ​ I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, dependable, and communication.]
28172023, [I got my business administration in business administration from aib college of business. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Executed cash transactions quickly and accurately. Greeted all customers. Oversaw overnight store operations, including staff assignments and production lists. Delegated tasks to team members to optimize productivity. Supervised. 5-7. employees per shift. Ordered and shelved weekly sale items for customers. Developed positive vendor relationships. Verified inventory counts. Bookkeeping back-up I'm proficient at great organizational skills, outlook, and excellent problem solver.]
45656814, [I got my bachelor of science   education in physical education from university of new mexico. As a Children's Fitness Instructor/Manager, And my major duty is As a Children's Fitness Instructor I taught physical education and nutrition classes to children ages 18 months to 5 years old.. I made my classes fun and engaging in an environment that was positive and nurturing.. Safety was a top priority in my classes. I used positive reinforcement and redirection in order to avoid any behavior or discipline issues.. I was promoted to Manager for Stretch-n-Grow in August of 2013. During my time as Manager I would hire any new coaches we needed and kept them organized and prepared to teach their classes.. I made the weekly schedules and checked in with directors of schools in order to find out how my coaches were performing and if there were any issues that needed to be worked out or any special praises that needed to be given for going above and beyond.. I was organized and professional during my time as manager which helped keep my coaches organized and professional and schools happy with our program.. I kept communication open on a daily basis with my coaches through emails, phone calls, texts, meetings, and making myself easily approachable. I'm proficient at i am a very organized person with a professional and positive attitude i am great at keeping an open dialogue and making myself easily approachable i enjoy working with others and troubleshooting to find solutions to any problems that may arise i am a big communicator and a great team player i am passionate about teaching children and i enjoy being a positive role model and influence in their lives.]
24767027, [I got my masters of science in business administration   criminal justice from lindenwood university. As a Sales Manager & Assistant Sales Manager, I worked from May 2002 to Dec 2006. And my major duty is Successfully opened the new multi-million dollar facility that was at 20% of projected revenue, increasing revenue to 125% of corporate expectations within 2 months.. Accountable for $1.5 Million in annual revenue.. Responsible for 20 plus employees: hiring, training and developing new sales counselors to succeed.. Maintain a work environment conducive to professionalism and financial success.. Key Achievements include: District Awards: 1 Sales Manager in Personal Sales Gross for THREE Months; 1 Assistant Sales Manager in Personal Sales Gross for EIGHT Months; 1 Sales Counselor in Personal Sales Gross for THREE+ Months.. Regional Awards: 1 Sales Manager in Personal Sales Gross for THREE Months; 1 Assistant Sales Manager in Personal Sales Gross for EIGHT Months; 1 Sales Counselor in Personal Sales Gross for THREE+ Months.. National Awards: 1 Assistant Sales Manager in Personal Sales Gross for SIX Months; 1 Sales Counselor in Personal Sales Gross for ONE Month; Contest Winnings: National Winner of Company Recognition Program consecutively Delivering 100% of the goal set forth by the corporate office in Total Gross, New Membership Sales, Monthly Dues, and Personal Training programs.. Provided leadership for staff and instituted career goals and incentives that elevated performance while building moral and a team-oriented environment.. Assisted the District Manager in marketing the facility through community outreach programs.. Determined the sales strategies used to introduce innovative wellness programs and services to top local corporations. ]
25507648, [I got my high school diploma in computer animation from art institute of houston. As a CONTRIBUTION SPECIALIST, And my major duty is Processed contributions that were received through e-Remit website.. Reviewed bill history to determine correct bills to be pulled to process contributions with correct bill.. Uploaded media (reel tapes, cartridges, and diskettes) into TSO.. Opened format 13 files in Excel and made necessary changes to the file if needed.. Once the file was uploaded - viewed files through V - system to make all necessary changes to files.. Changes included - added a participant to the file that may have not been added, adjusted columns and added characters that were missing on the file.. Transmitted files through V - system Received and matched bills to the deposits so that files could process.. Recreated bills that were needed, but were not available for processing payroll dates.. Created input forms and entered all information for group contributions on the Tape Batch tracking database.. Resolved Out of Balance of transmitted files.. Increased and decreased deposits that were short of over the deposit to balance.. Added, deleted, and changed participants on files that have been transmitted. I'm proficient at team building, interpersonal skills, and organizational skills.]
17915015, [I got my b   a   interdisciplinary studies political science   psychology in interdisciplinary studies political science   psychology from virginia polytechnic institute and state university. As a Lead Supervisor/Facility Supervisor, And my major duty is Provide facility tours and assist Facility Manager with staff training.. Navigate programs for facility usage and employee records. I'm proficient at medical terminology, blood pressure, and benefits.]
36139251, [I got my bs   holistic nutrition in holistic nutrition from clayton college of natural health. As a Club Manager/Fitness Coordinator, I worked from September 1997 to February 1999. And my major duty is Established and maintained member relations from sales to member services.. Coordinated and taught approximately 6 aerobic classes, implemented training programs for both instructors and members.. Responsible for club appearance and maintenance.. Processed daily sales log calculations and bi-weekly payrolls. I'm proficient at microsoft outlook, microsoft powerpoint, and microsoft windows.]
16474898, [I got my master of science   exercise science and health promotion in nutrition from california university of pennsylvania. As a Spa Manager and Skin Care Specialist, I worked from October 1999 to August 2000.  I'm proficient at experienced in research, and outlook, and program development and implementation.]
25482567, [I got my masters   exercise science human performance emphasis in exercise science from university of wisconsin   city. As a General Manger, And my major duty is Developed within each department (group exercise, personal training, sales, operations).. until promoted to upper management. I'm proficient at leadership, organizational skills, and customer service.]
29165698, [I got my bs   kinesiology in health promotion from university of montevallo. As a DRxD Pharmacy Associate, I worked from December 2013 to October 2014. And my major duty is Responsible for the presentation & coordination of the bedside discharge medication delivery program for assigned.. units/services & patients, with reporting responsibility to the Integration Manager or Coordinator.. For patients accepting DRxD program, ensured patient enrollment, bedside delivery of medications & successful completion of program requirements at discharge.. Effectively collaborated and worked in concert with other DRxD associates and pharmacy personnel to ensure successful delivery of the program. I'm proficient at leadership, forms, and employee training.]
27084878, [I got my associate of applied science in business administration   accounting from raritan valley community college. As a Bank Teller, And my major duty is Processed daily transactions for personal and commercial account holders.. Provided excellent customer service.. Utilized excellent sales techniques to recognize the needs of customers and matched those to available products and services. I'm proficient at as, insurance, and data entry.]
26459032, [I got my masters of education in  from university of houston counseling. As a Legal Assistant/Office Manager, I worked from 01/2009 to 01/2014. And my major duty is Successfully improve monthly invoices by enforcing credit terms and agreements with clients Review, proofread, format and approve monthly invoices and income/expense reports Research, prepare, review and interpret legal documents under strict deadlines Oversee ongoing projects, such as mediations, depositions and meetings Provide exceptional follow-through skills in all tasks Coordinate procedures used for new clients to increase efficiency in court filings, mediations, court dates and conferences Perform communication tasks (verbal and written) to public, private and governmental agencies Manage advertising, marketing, scheduling, and collections Trained and supervised seasonal employees by coaching and enforcing routine-consulting regimes Initiate, maintain and organize physical and electronic client files Oversee main schedule and ensure availability and effectively manage time Provide administrative skills, such as close attention to detail, multi-tasking and analytical skills to ensure effectiveness of company. I'm proficient at consulting, arrange travel, and attention to detail.]
70603826, [I got my master of science   sports management   coaching   sports administration in sports management   coaching   sports administration        american public university   city   state currently enrolled in online program for graduate school coursework   coaching theory   leadership   event management   sports finance   sports law bachelor of science   fitness   human performance   exercise science from san jacinto college. As a Certified Personal Trainer (CPT), And my major duty is [July 2010 - Oct 2010]. ABS/Sports & Fitness. -. Charlotte, NC. [Feb 2008 - Oct 2008]. 24 Hour Fitness. -. League City, TX. The main goal of any type of health educator is to improve quality of life.. At this juncture, I, successfully:. Provided members with education on fitness protocols & exercise technique for advancement in a health club setting.. Administered fitness assessments which included body composition analysis with skin-fold measurements.. Monitored guests in fitness areas while adhering to all company policies and health & safety standards.. Attained facility targets including revenue goals, member retention rates & customer satisfaction.. Led members & clients through individual workouts and designed various training programs.. Guided clients in safe exercise, taking into account individualized physical limitations.. Carefully evaluated client needs and helped them achieve personal fitness goals.. Contributed to the operation of a clean, friendly & well-maintained fitness facility.. Conducted machine orientations that taught proper use of machines/equipment.. Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.. Arrived on time, prepared and attentive for every training appointment.. Instructed clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.. Explained personal training program benefits to club members.. Counseled clients on proper nutrition and exercise habits. ]
95085510, [I got my master of science   marriage and family therapy in human development from university of nebraska   lincoln. As a Level II Instructor, And my major duty is Responsible for leading kickboxing and resistance training classes.. Motivate and inspire participants to improve their fitness level.. Encourage healthy lifestyles through exercise and proper nutrition.. Coached 2 separate 10-week session teams to top 3 finishes.. Develop and implement challenges for Farrell&apos;s participants. I'm proficient at hospital and primary care sales and injectable medications, ob gyn, and processes.]
21238396, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology sociology in psychology sociology from arizona state university. As a Front Desk Fitness Attendant, I worked from April 2006 to January 2011. And my major duty is During the Summer Kid's Camp I work as an Advisor where I plan daily team and individual activities, help with lunch process and swim sessions, oversee the children's participation and interact with them.    As a Sports Club team member, I make promotional calls for the member sales department, monitor nursery, and monitor pool.  In July, I work the DSL Swim Championships where I am required to support facility needs for each team; direct spectators to appropriate areas, maintain a clean, safe event site, and answer general questions.  Working with people one-on-one and the general public is second nature in this environment as I consistently address different questions and problems regularly.   As an attendant, I work the front desk of the fitness center and monitor member's use of gym.  Other duties include:  Keeping equipment and fitness/ weight room, and towels clean and orderly, assist members with other questions that are frequently asked; make smoothies, work snack bar, conduct sales in sports shop. I'm proficient at very experienced with g drive and all its applications, excel and other organization sites used for scheduling also, and not only staff members with information but also leading a team on a regular basis.]
20255404, [I got my bachelors degree   biology in sports medicine from university of texas. As a Surgical Technician II, And my major duty is Gathered supplies and equipment needed for surgical procedure, scrubs, gowns, gloves.. Set up sterile table with instruments, supplies, equipment, and medications/solutions needed for procedure.. Performed appropriate counts with surgical team prior to the operation and before incision is closed.. Draping of sterile field, passing instruments, etc., to surgeon during procedure while maintaining highest standard of sterile technique during procedure.. Member Level I Trauma Team.. Orthopedic Department Head. I'm proficient at business development, customer satisfaction, and sales.]
69666645, [I got my associate of applied science   veterinary technology in veterinary technology from oklahoma state university. As a Receptionist, And my major duty is Full service fitness center. Front desk receptionist. Greet clients. Answer phone. I'm proficient at swine ear notching, fecal sample analysis, and patient assessment.]
19938081, [I got my associate of applied business administration in business law from trumbull business college. As a Customer Service Team Lead, I worked from 10/2007 to 06/2010. And my major duty is Assisted customers with account inquiries including questions, concerns, or other issues Collected past due debts on delinquent accounts Set up new customer accounts, including explaining, selling, and bundling services, while entering customer information and scheduling product installation Relayed specific account information to each customer in a courteous and professional manner while maintaining account security and confidentiality Worked to retain customers looking to disconnect or downgrade services Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected qualified applicants to increase employee base to meet ever-changing staffing needs Managed and monitored the daily activities of an average of 18 customer service representatives Routinely prepared evaluations to identify problems and areas for improvement Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase employee and customer satisfaction Recommended changes to existing methods to increase the accuracy, efficiency and responsiveness of the customer service department Generated employee tracking reports each week with regard to hours and benefits Formulated and enforced company policies, procedures and quality assurance measures while training staff on how to improve customer interactions Addressed inquiries from management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues Facilitated information flow between customer service, account management operations, quality assurance, training and payroll departments to guarantee call center objectives were met Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously Mastery of customer service management systems and databases Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment Resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions Prepared reports and communication for senior management and clients Managed high call volume with tact and professionalism Initiated operations improvements to improve overall call center productivity Provided incentive to increase productivity by offering employees awards for best customer service Oversaw call center employees to ensure customer satisfaction goals were consistently met Conducted performance reviews for all Customer Service Representatives to reduce resolution time and improve customer satisfaction rates Acted professionally and patiently when addressing negative customer feedback Improved call center functionality and service capacity by resolving customer complaints efficiently and quickly Developed all process controls and metrics for daily management of the Call Center Answered an average of [number] calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise Earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing store Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone Communicated with vendors regarding back order availability, future inventory and special orders Successfully acquired an average of [number ] new customers per month, generating a [number]% growth in revenue Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele Implemented marketing strategies which resulted in [number]% growth of customer base Recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions Effectively communicated with and supported sales, marketing and administrative teams on a daily basis Conducted weekly walk-throughs with the manager to discuss interior visual displays, including store window presentation Handled daily heavy flow of paperwork and cooperated with Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently Recipient of multiple positive reviews acknowledging dedication to excellent customer service Monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply. I'm proficient at upgrading, ledger, and e mail.]
12092347, [I got my high school diploma        high school   automotive skills general education automotive skills general education career management class in automotive skills general education automotive skills general education career management from automotive. As a Take orders, I worked from January 2006 to May 2009. And my major duty is Prepare food Operate cash register Deliver food to customer Wash dishes Cook food student | currituck county high school auto shop | aug Obtain working knowledge of automotive electronics, brakes, and fluid systems and tire removal, balancing, rotation, etc.. in a classroom setting and apply in a hands on setting Troubleshoot vehicle problems by using on board diagnostics (OBDII) port and diagnostic scan tool Locate and follow repair instructions based on diagnostic trouble code (DTC) on www.shopkey5.com Use various hand tools as needed to repair vehicle issues Maintain record and cost of service on work order sheets Use hydraulic lifts or jacks, jack stands and creepers as needed Maintain accountability and functionality of tools. I'm proficient at delivery, sales, and weapons.]
62870550, [I got my associate of applied business administration in business law from trumbull business college city. As a Human Resources Generalist, I worked from October 2007 to June 2010. And my major duty is Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected qualified applicants to increase employee base to meet ever-changing staffing needs for busy call center Actively recruited potential employees by developing job postings and descriptions to attract a targeted talent pool within the market wage range Created social media initiatives and ads, organized employment fairs, and tracked results Processed background checks, verified references and coordinated drug screenings Processed new hire information, transfers, promotions and terminations using PeopleSoft HR Management Systems Software Explained HR policies and procedures to new hires Generated employee tracking reports each week with regard to hours and benefits Assisted with inbound and outbound calls regarding all HR inquiries Resolved personnel issues regarding HR matters needing clarification, submissions and corrections Addressed inquiries from employees and management regarding new-hire activity and ongoing employee relation issues Reviewed federal and state laws to confirm and enforce company compliance Managed over 500 personnel files according to policy and federal and state laws and regulations Scanned confidential documents into electronic filing system, categorizing documents for retrieval and review Audited employee files: updating incomplete or missing paperwork to be in compliance with company policy and federal and state laws Actively participated in training to enhance workplace performance for all levels of staffing. I'm proficient at supervising, ledger, and e mail.]
76530505, [I got my bachelor of science in criminal justice from kaplan university city criminal justice associate of arts   early chilhood june      oakton community college city. As a Help Lead Teacher, I worked from 04/1998 to now.And my major duty is to supervise and promote activities designed to enhance the healthy emotional, social, intellectual, and physical development of children enrolled at center.. Help to maintain a neat and organized classroom.. Help children establish good habits of personal hygiene; change diapers and assist with toilet training. I'm proficient at ordering materials, marketing, and customer service.]
10333051, [I got my master of science   nursing in nursing from valparaiso university. As a Exercise Physiologist, I worked from August 2002 to March 2003. And my major duty is * Developed, implemented and progressed cardiac rehab exercise programs and care * Assisted in cardiac rehabilitation education * Developed and implemented a personal training program * Assisted in corporate wellness programming and health fairs I'm proficient at satisfaction, cardiovascular, and mvp.]
29319314, [I got my master of arts   teaching in psychology from sacred heart university city. As a OTHER          Fitness Consultant, I worked from 09/2000 to now.And my major duty is Supervised front desk and childcare staff to establish productive workflow.. Trained new employees for effective transitioning of old and new hires.. Promoted to fitness consultant after 1 year of front desk and childcare work. I'm proficient at adaptable and flexible, computer proficient, and analytical.]
77266989, [I got my bachelor of arts   management in management from city university of seattle. As a SSG, Squad Leader, Physical Fitness Instructor, I worked from September 1997 to April 2005. And my major duty is Critical care, Cardiac nurse, Patient Care, Charting, give medication.. Counseling soldiers. I'm proficient at drug and alcohol addiction patients, staffing, and successful treatment of.]
59487170, [I got my bachelor of arts in liberal arts from northwest nazrene university. As a Manager, I worked from 04/2001 to 07/2010. And my major duty is Performed all scheduling of staff Prepared and executed all payroll and commission of staff. Prepared and tracked all inventory and sales of merchandise Provide training and leadership for staff. Prepared and executed all cash, checks and credits paid for deposit. Researched and purchased all equipment and parts. Conducted phone screenings and interviews for all new hires Acted as liaison between employees and CEO. Prepared and conducted all staff meetings. Worked with the city of Nampa with Chamber of Commerce events. ]
24219583, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from anne arundel community college   city. As a Fitness Center Monitor, And my major duty is Monitored the Fitness Center and ensured that only students and faculty/staff members exercised in the gym.. Organized and distributed athletic uniforms and equipment.. Arlington Echo Outdoor Education Center Assistant - planting vegetation that is indigenous to Maryland and caring for animal tanks/habitats.. Involved in various church activities at Cecil Memorial United Methodist Church including assisting   the choreographer of the liturgical dance team, and donating and delivering packages to disadvantaged families throughout the community. I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, microsoft word, and teaching.]
27397245, [I got my ba   sociology in sociology from binghamton university. As a Personal Trainer/Assistant Fitness Director, I worked from July 2000 to November 2005. And my major duty is I sold personal training memberships, was in charge of hiring and interviewing personal trainers as the assistant fitness director, Helped with HR such as pay roll, front desk duties, dealing with customer service issues, helped with part-time bilingual sales with Korean speaking clients as well as train and teach them how to use machines and create a fitness program to cater to their goals, also sold merchandise and sports drinks, Inventory manager on all drinks coming into the gym, organized juiced room 3x's a week, First employee to receive a raise in 8 years, focused on mostly rehabilitation training clients with injuries such as : shoulder, knee, and sports injuries, helped people lose weight and attain their fitness goals, hit $5000 revenue goal 6 months in a row, worked as a general manager for Bell Plaza Sports Club for one week running all the day to day operations of the 24 hr gym, dealt with customer service issues such as complaints, billing, and membership problems, trouble shooting to come up with solutions in order to make customers happy, team leader always willing to listen to new suggestions on how to improve sales, strong people skills working with people of different ethnicities. I'm proficient at speaking, korean, and excellent written.]
29425788, [I got my master of science   health psychology          walden university health psychology capstone   bringing health psychology to the patient   centered medical home   courses included health psychology   experimental and survey research   stress and coping   psychoneuroimmunology   biopsychology   lifespan development   and women   s health   research papers included a group medical appointment for patients with comorbid depression and diabetes   a     week workshop to guide women through the menopause transition   a group stress management program grounded in solution   focused coaching   acceptance and commitment therapy   and engaging the relaxation response   bachelor of arts anthropology in anthropology from university of michigan. As a Wellness Coach and Fitness Specialist, I worked from May 2006 to October 2008. And my major duty is Developed coaching as a second and complementary profit center to personal training.. Worked with club's personal trainers to augment in-club training routines with lifestyle changes resulting in weight loss, improved resiliency, and enhanced work-life balance.. Principal, Life and Wellness Coach.I worked from August 2005 to October 2008. And my major duty is Conducted telephonic, one-on-one coaching sessions to clients seeking to elevate self-care and improve functioning.. o	Coached clients in effective behavior and cognitive changes using a variety of methodologies, including motivational interviewing, the transtheoretical model, positive psychology, and co-active coaching. I'm proficient at instructor, listening, and balance.]
11130200, [I got my northern high school high school diploma in northern high school high school from northern high school. As a Fitness and Aqua Aerobics Instructor, And my major duty is Explain and enforce safety rules and regulations governing sports, recreational activities, and the use of exercise equipment.. Offer alternatives during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness.. Teach proper breathing techniques used during physical exertion.. Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels in order to maximize benefits from exercise routines.. Teach and demonstrate use of gymnastic and training equipment such as trampolines and weights.. Evaluate individuals' abilities, needs, and physical conditions, and develop suitable training programs to meet any special requirements.. Plan physical education programs to promote development of participants' physical attributes and social skills. I'm proficient at forklift operator, hand trucks, and machinery.]
10969918, [I got my high school diploma   general in high school diploma   general from belton high school. As a Certified Fitness Instructor/Circuit Coach, I worked from 02/2002 to 02/2008. And my major duty is Trained and motivated ladies in the use of the 30 minute Curves Circuit. Conducted nutrition meetings on a 1:1 basis and group setting. Completed monthly fitness goals for members. Gave assistance, instruction, and motivation of members on the Curves Weight Loss Program. Participated in new member campaigns, guest production, and sales Marketing of Curves gym and obtaining new members. Various Club administration activities. I'm proficient at medical terminology, electronic medical records, and vital signs and patient monitoring.]
21178545, [I got my endocrine surgery in endocrine surgery from medical college of georgia. I have 1 work experiences.  ]
12938389, [I got my biochemistry and entrepreneurship in biochemistry from burnsville high school. As a Lifetime fitness, I worked from Jul 2006 to Sep 2015. And my major duty is Supervisor of the hospitality and operations department Overseeing employees/help employees meet and exceed company standards.. Provide administrative support for various departments including: answering telephones, assisting visitors, and resolving a range of administrative problems and inquiries.. Workday: wage profiles, PTO, HR.. Kronos time clock software: Time clock management.. Coordinate various staff for operational support activities of the unit; serve as a liaison between departments and operating units in the resolution of day-to-day administrative and operational problems.. Provide uncompromising customer service to all patrons of the club.. Coordinated multiple departments to plan meetings.. Established strong relationships to gain support and effectively achieve results.. Earned excellent marks on performance reviews, with citations for excellence in areas including: work, accuracy and quality, ability to learn and master new concepts, positive work ethic, and commitment to providing unsurpassed service.. All qualities that will further keep Work with fellow colleagues. I'm proficient at leadership development training, records management, and kronos.]
57575888, [I got my master of science   applied health science   health promotion indiana university   city   state applied health science   health promotion      graduate assistantship   fitness and wellness   iu campus recreational sports               fitness and health promotion internship   lutheran general hospital in park ridge   illinois may      bachelor of arts   psychology public health education in psychology public health education from indiana university. As a Graduate Assistant, And my major duty is Personnel and Programming Management Hired, trained, and supervised 70 student employees and managed payroll and scheduling Established a campus body image awareness campaign, Celebrate EveryBODY, during National Eating Disorder Awareness Week; th the campaign is now an annual event in its 8 year in 2016 Advised the Strength and Conditioning Council and the Body Image Awareness Student Committee Created and implemented the CircuitStrength fitness program and taught group exercise in multiple formats Worked with campus partners to administer the early stages of a faculty and staff wellness initiative. I'm proficient at electronic health records, leadership, and disease management.]
37087824, [I got my bachelors of science   healthcare administration in healthcare administration from u   s   air force   air university distance learning training specialized in leadership management   managerial communication   total quality management   management theory   management by objective   motivation   counseling and diversity associates of applied science   fitness   recreation   and services management        community college of the air force. As a Training and Readiness Manager, I worked from August 2001 to February 2004. And my major duty is Developed training program and electronic reports of personnel to ensure proficient status of 290 tasks which improved stats to100% in two months.. Provided invaluable, critical administrative support of active duty cases of fallen heroes.. Prepared monthly reports capturing training status of 97 personnel for senior management and headquarters. I'm proficient at subordinate counseling, letters and memos, and microsoft powerpoint.]
21122155, [I got my master of science   clinical exercise physiology in clinical exercise physiology   june      ohio university   city   state clinical exercise physiology graduate recruitment scholarship recipient student exercise physiologist for o   bleness memorial hospital heartworks cardiac rehab student fitness specialist for ohio university wellworks fitness center wellworks risk reduction program health coach   personal trainer bachelor of science   kinesiology from michigan state university. As a Group Exercise Class Coordinator/Instructor, I worked from April 2010 to June 2011. And my major duty is In charge of overall efficiency of class procedures including: instructor replacement and training, class scheduling and cancellation, emergency procedures, and documentation and organization of paperwork and class supplies.. Led exercise to groups of 40 or more participants aged 50 years and older; Educated participants on proper exercise form health benefits; Endorsed local community health promotion programs. I'm proficient at vaccine, instructor, and insurance.]
24708621, [I got my bachelor of science   marketing marketing in marketing marketing from california university of pennsylvania. As a Personal Trainer, I worked from May 2009 to November 2010. And my major duty is Created custom training programs for 100+ clients per week.. Helped retain customer base and built new client list. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and insurance.]
27903191, [I got my bachelor of arts   sport management in sport management from warner university city. As a Internship, I worked from 05/2009 to now.And my major duty is Provided operational leadership and direction for key aspects of the facility such as coaching, marketing, safety, communications and overall management.. Developed and maintained a database to execute marketing calls.. Assuming overall responsibilities for the functioning of the soccer department. I'm proficient at retail sales, outside sales, and marketing.]
24905947, [I got my j   d in tourism from instituto universitario de tecnologia industrial   rodolfo loero arismendi. As a GUEST SERVICE MANAGER, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Served as public relations representative for the hotel.. Assisted guests with any special requests during their visits.. Answer inquiries pertaining to hotel services, guest registration, and travel     directions, or make recommendations regarding shopping, dining, or     entertainment     Record guest comments or complaints, referring customers to managers as     necessary.. Transmit and receive messages, using telephones or telephone switchboards.. Accomplishments researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to ensure customer    retention increasing it up to 85% per month.. Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled customer services    and sales techniques used to generate new corporate.. accounts to service high    volume employee corporations.. Satisfactory managed company new locations pre saleand openings to    guarantee revenue profit and investment return. I'm proficient at problem solver, online skills development courses the open university, and the role of a manager.]
75156649, [I got my business and computer science in business and computer science from norwalk community college. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Maintain a neat and clean stock room.. Trusted to handle monetary transactions, cashier.. Perform opening and closing procedures.. Follow through with customer questions, concerns, and escalated issues when needed to management in regard to customers complaints.. Determine customer's needs and help customer's make smart choices.. Perform product sales and customer service by suggesting additional add-ons or features that the customer was not aware of Skills used.. Outstanding customer service.. Offered solutions to customer problems.. Legendary customer service.. Always punctual(Never Called Out). I'm proficient at phone, sales, and clients.]
96761538, [I got my africana studies in africana studies from pasadena city college. As a Kindergarten Teachers Assistant,  I'm proficient at cash handling and pos system knowledge, careful and active listener, and professional.]
19975121, [I got my bachelor of arts   television   film and media studies in bachelor of arts   television   film and media studies from california state university of los angeles   city   state associates of arts degree      riverside community college. As a Club Coordinator, I worked from May 2007 to Nov 2016. And my major duty is Billing, member updates, data entry, reports, Excel sheets, Microsoft outlook,           payroll, Aphelion, Money Movers, Paychex, Quick Books.. Collect bank account           information, credit card information, as well as cash for memberships and re-           occurring payments.. Multitask regularly answering phone calls while working with members and           staff.. Greet customers with a smile and implement a friendly company culture.. Supervise, direct and encouraged other team members to stay on top of task. I'm proficient at adobe premiere, avid media composer avid media composer user certified, and efficient using dslr s can operate other cameras as well.]
12695799, [I got my b   s   multidisciplinary studies   environmental science in multidisciplinary studies   environmental science from university of massachusetts. As a Fieldhouse Manager & ZumbaÂ® Fitness Instructor, I worked from 09/2009 to 10/2014. And my major duty is Provided The Fieldhouse Manager expert administrative support and created a first rate customer service experience for Fieldhouse patrons.. Focused on customer relationship building and human connection with the front desk team.. Planned and executed events at The Fieldhouse annually such as The Kids Carnival, Monster Ball, Color Run and Christmas event.. Developed a ZumbaÂ® Fitness program to enhance not only the communityâ€™s physical health, but the emotional health that comes along with dance fitness.. Created a following of fitness students who have become lifelong friends and through the power of joy, self -expression and sharing a passion for life. I'm proficient at leadership, asana and basecamp project management, and minutes.]
14515954, [I got my m   s   project management in kinesiology from california state university. As a Legal Firm Administrator, I worked from 09/2004 to now.And my major duty is Created innovative templates to accelerate the court stipulation filing process, and implemented them as a requirement for attorneys to input for their legal assistants.. Took on challenge of reconciling gaps during high-visibility audit, by reprioritizing team workload.. Documented procedures, recommendations, and policies.. Drove process improvements and cost savings.. Completed daily, month-end, and quarter-end reports for the foreclosure department.. Identified efficiency improvements, which resulted in significant savings in time, money and manual error.. Utilized various technologies such as case management systems, to perform audits, database inquiries, report generation, etc.. Drafted contracts and stipulations in accordance with state policies and regulations to be filed with the court.. Maintained both external client and internal firm databases, which resulted in workflow being up to date at all times.. Performed data validation and reconciliation on trusted access systems.. Served as liaison between the firm and client financial institution.. Proactively communicated with client about relationship accounts.. Trained colleagues on job functions including database inquiries, report generation, client systems, time management, and communications. I'm proficient at leadership, drawing, and balance.]
13675377, [I got my b   a   integrative physiology in integrative physiology from . As a Fitness Manager/ Level 3 Trainer, I worked from January 2007 to January 2009. And my major duty is Responsible for communicating and upholding company policies and procedures.. Managed a clean, friendly and well-maintained club.. Ensured that team members consistently executed the basics in punctuality, dress code compliance, friendliness and cleanliness.. Hired, trained, and developed a strong team of Personal Trainers.. Responsible for the successful attainment of department targets, including revenue and member retention.. Acted as the point of reference for fitness expertise within the club.. Key Achievements: Achieved club's monthly budget goal of $30,000.00 per month in training sales on a consistent basis.. Hired and developed four successful full-time trainers that were able to continually grow their business month over month.. Built and maintained my own client base of 120+ client sessions and $5000.00+ in sales per month. I'm proficient at understands medical procedures, direction, and charting expertise.]
34151183, [I got my bachelor of arts in interdisciplinary studies from northeastern illinois university. As a Office Manager/Dental Assistant, I worked from January 1996 to January 2000. And my major duty is Managed office operations, including schedule maintenance, billing, and accounting.. Provided multi-line reception and communicated with patients, insurance providers, and vendors.. Assisted with capture of dental X-rays and prepared examination room and dental trays.. Mixed compounds for cleanings and fillings.. Maintained patient records in Dentrix system and updated treatment information.. Educated patients on proper dental hygiene and follow up care.. Confirmed benefits for patients with specialists and insurance providers. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and benefits.]
16605352, [I got my associates degree   business management in business management from harford community college. As a Fitness Executive and Corporate Sales Representative, I worked from November 2011 to December 2012. And my major duty is Engage members and prospective members in product sales and promotions.. Schedule preventative maintenance and vendor management. Maintain corporate partnerships and drive lifetime membership sales.. Responsible for daily currency handling.. Ability to perform CPR and use an AED.. Greet and assist all members and staff in any needs or issues that arose within the club on a daily basis. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and microsoft word.]
34792238, [I got my bachelor of science in natural health studies from clayton college of natural health. As a WELLNESS DIRECTOR, I worked from 09/2015 to now.And my major duty is Helped clients set and achieve health and wellness goals.. Conducted group wellness presentations for classes up to 80+ participants.. Demonstrated safe and correct forms for each exercise and piece of equipment.. Conducted needs assessments or surveys to determine interest in or satisfaction with wellness and fitness programs, events or services.. Met or exceeded monthly revenue and training goals.. Performed screenings every month for markers such as blood pressure, weight and BMI.. Conducted needs assessments or surveys to determine interest in or satisfaction with wellness and fitness programs, events or services.. Demonstrated safe and correct forms for each exercise and piece of equipment.. Built strong relationships with members to promote health, wellness and available services.. Conducted group wellness presentations for classes up to 80+ participants.. Helped clients set and achieve health and wellness goals.. Eliminated downtime and maximized revenue by providing top project quality control.I worked from 01/2009 to now.And my major duty is Expanded cross-functional organizational capacity by collaborating across departments on priorities, functions and common goals.. Maximized productivity by keeping detailed records of daily progress and identifying and rectifying areas for improvement.. Explained and taught regulations and rules to athletes and coaches.. Verified accuracy of score calculations before winners were announced.. Communicated with athletic regulation staff, athletes and trainers.. Collected daily reports for improved efficiency during athletic events.. Inspected equipment for compliance with safety and event regulations.. Established clear benchmarks for performance and monitored individual and athlete progress.. Educated athletes, trainers and fellow athletic regulation co-workers about rules and regulations.. Reviewed video playbacks and slow-motion camera footage to evaluate calls and judge appeals.. Calculated athlete and event statistics on rolling basis during event.. Monitored play times and elapsed time during particular events, stopping clocks to meet regulatory requirements.. Educated and mentored more than 20+ co-workers on policy and procedures during high pressured events.. Improved athlete medical outcomes and delivery of care through improved clinical quality processes.I worked from 09/2000 to now.And my major duty is Adapted classes to meet expectations and interests of members, resulting in improved participation.. Consulted with clients to define personal health needs, formulate effective fitness, nutritional or rehabilitation plans and improve overall well-being.. Modified workout plans according to fitness levels and medical considerations.. Broadcasted information about events, gym classes and community offerings.. Coordinated healthy and safe use of fitness tools, equipment and spaces to prevent injuries.. Worked independently and as member of cohesive team to support individual needs.. Supported program development by adding new and exciting classes to facility schedules.. Taught staff and participants proper methods for best use of equipment to meet individual fitness goals.. Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast needs.. Stayed current with market trends to determine optimal pricing of goods and services and to capitalize on emerging opportunities.. Established, optimized and enforced business policies to maintain consistency and high-quality standards across multiple vendor operations.. Used knowledge of market trends to create value-added solutions resulting in 80% increase in service utilization.. Directed business operations to maintain and improve company financial gains.. Managed day-to-day business operations, including accounting, finance, HR, marketing and public relations.. Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.. Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.. Recruited, hired and trained initial personnel, working to establish key internal functions and outline scope of positions for new organization.. Founded and managed business operations, growing revenue through personal training and on-site group fitness instruction with major business companies and its' employee base to include staff families.. Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions and forecast needs.. Maintained up-to-date administrative records to monitor operational conditions.. Managed key accounts, including developing sales presentations and promotion initiatives to drive product sales and increase brand awareness.. Enhanced operational efficiency and productivity by managing budgets, accounts and analyzing company needs and industry trends. I'm proficient at finance, forms, and tai chi.]
23004695, [I got my bachelor marketing   management in marketing   management from seward county community college. As a Esthetician, Certified Laser Technician, And my major duty is Informed guests of spa services, programs and activities over the phone and in person.Addressed all guest complaints and referred any escalated situations to management.Researched the various types of spa therapies and treatments to be better informed of spa services.Instructed guests on facility safety measures.Documented any observed safety hazards and reported them to management immediately.Addressed all member concerns with patience.Provided accurate product and merchandise information to customers.Responded to customer inquiries in a friendly and professional manner.Suggested and sold spa services and retail products to customers.Advised guests on special events and product promotions. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, attentive to detail, and customer service oriented.]
35164503, [I got my b   s   business administration in business administration from northern arizona university. As a Financial Services Representative/Analyst, I worked from 07/1999 to 02/2004. And my major duty is Managed portfolio of affluent clients with high net worth. Retail client banking, investment advisement, estate planning and basic tax advisory work. Heavy phone sales, client building, and continuously excelling at sales goals and revenue generation. Stock Trading, Pink Sheets, Small Cap and Mid cap stock selection and advisement for retail clients. Served brokerage clients with fixed annuities, SPDRS and other financial products. Managed currency exchanges and retail investment opportunities in European and foreign markets. Entered member transaction data into online banking software. Worked with potential investors to support IPOs and ensure success. Worked with clients and finance companies to find optimal solutions for financing. Acted as liaison between customers and funders to increase overall funding by. 92. % and remove financial roadblocks ]
63282405, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from branford hall career institute city. As a Customer Service Rep, I worked from 01/2009 to now.And my major duty is Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.. Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to 25 calls in queue per minute.. Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.. Defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.. Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.. Mastery of customer service management systems and databases.. Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment.. Identified chronic customer issues by creating and maintaining customer complaint log.. Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.. Managed high call volume with tact and professionalism.. Acted professionally and patiently when addressing negative customer feedback. I'm proficient at reading, financial planning, and persuasive.]
31556198, [I got my high school diploma in high school from high school. As a Merchandise and Customer Assistant (MCA), And my major duty is As a sales representative I worked on a nation wide call center environment in order to broker and secure the sale       of medical supplies.. My duties included but were not limited to; Customer service, outbound call sales,       confirmation and cancellation of customer invoices, filing, faxing, mailing of invoices directly to a clients home       and or business, answering and directing high volume of phone inquires. I'm proficient at listening, receiving, and closing.]
12791244, [I got my bachelor of science   allied health in  from ashworth college. As a Senior Cashier, I worked from 07/1993 to now.And my major duty is Supervised the performance of 10-14 employees.. Distributed cash between two to six registers.. Counted all sales, recorded merchandise, and sales receipts.. In charge of cash revenues and merchandise, including cash drops and merchandise logs.. Provided excellent customer service.. Proven ability to answer customer questions and give information regarding the business procedures and policies in an exact and customer-friendly way.. Worked closely with Accounting Department assisting with loss mitigation. I'm proficient at abc, equipment maintenance, and receiving.]
14107571, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminology in criminology from university of washington city. As a Commanding Officer, I worked from 06/1985 to now.And my major duty is Commanded a 143 man Military Police organization.. Organized MP detachments based on mission requirements and commanded detachments once deployed.. Commanded the largest peacetime POW exercise of a USMC unit, receiving a letter of commendation from US Central Command, and established the procedure used in the Middle East today.. Participated in national level work group on low intensity conflicts in Washington DC.  Helped create OH-10 Manual on subject.. Revolutionized counter terrorism training for Military Police by contracting trainers outside of USMC. I'm proficient at undercover, fraud, and websites.]
17658471, [I got my bachelor of arts in human services and counseling from lindsey wilson college. As a Teacher's Aide, I worked from Oct 2004 to Jan 2007. And my major duty is Worked as a teacher's aide in the after school childcare program through the Ready to Work Program.. Assisted Second grade teacher in the class room helping the children with reading skills.. Graded papers, entered grades, and assisted with daily management of classroom control. I'm proficient at strong writing skills, ability to work under pressure and limited time frame, and strong verbal skills.]
80000092, [I got my associate of science   psychology in psychology from university of south florida. As a Front Desk, I worked from 01/2014 to 05/2015. And my major duty is Promoted club programs, products and services to participants. Trained all new sales employees on effective techniques.. Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.. Corrected dangerous movements and suggested alternate exercises. I'm proficient at positive attitude, superior communication skills, and exceptional problem solver.]
13037145, [I got my richland college in  from richland college. As a Front Desk Customer Service, And my major duty is Face-to-face customer service General office duties Inbound and outbound calls Customer account relations Customer enrollments and sales Accurately and efficiently completed all sales transactions. I'm proficient at supervisor, microsoft office suite, and avaya.]
23477199, [I got my science   quality engineering in science   quality engineering from southern new hampshire university. As a Assembler/Tester (Contractor), I worked from 05/2013 to 12/2014. And my major duty is Assembling chemical and mechanical products via process sheet.. Conducting test on circuit boards and mechanical products.. Using tools such as torques, microscope and scales.. Managing and working with chemicals and epoxy.. Assist quality and process engineers in validation activities.. Quality inspecting raw and finished products to ensure they meet production/quality standards.. Effectively identify problems as they occur and take appropriate steps to solve them.. Organizing and recording data into Micro Word.. Read and follow blueprints, process sheets, diagrams.. Set-up, calibration, testing and troubleshooting of circuits, components, instruments and mechanical assemblies.. Manufacturing equipment operation.. Weigh, measure and check materials to ensure proper quality and quantity.. Mix, receive, store, deliver and dispose of chemicals.. ESD and FOD Trained.. Clean room experienced.. Laser engravement.. Attention to detail. I'm proficient at leadership, leadership ability, and clinical support.]
29306433, [I got my business administration in business administration from moraine valley community college. As a Club Manager/Assistant Manager · Sales Manager/Assistant Manager · Operations Manager, And my major duty is Managed all operational areas of busy fitness club with 6 direct reports, a total staff of 30, and 400-800 daily patrons.. Operational areas included Customer Service, Programs, Personal Training, Retail Sales, Kids' Club, Maintenance, and Financial Management (Payroll, Accounts Receivable, Sales Reporting, Budget Management).And my major duty is Responded quickly to customer inquiries and issues to maintain a high level of member satisfaction/retention.. Influenced prospects, sold memberships and accounted for cash/credit card receipts.. Conducted facility tours and new member orientations; developed new member fitness goals.. Scheduled appointments and registered patrons for classes, personal training, and fitness sessions.. Drove revenue growth through referrals by building positive and enduring relationships with members.. Processed all contracts, payments, and membership corrections.. Programs      Oversaw entire program schedule, ensuring instructors' commitment and participant registration.. Monitored program enrollment to ensure profitability.. Personal Training      Monitored new memberships to ensure participation in new member session with a personal trainer.. Identified and communicated customers' needs to personal trainers.. Accountable for a $20,000 monthly budget.. Sold individual personal training sessions to customers.. Retail Sales      Accountable for a $30,000 annual budget for nutritional items and ancillary merchandise.. Maintained proper levels of inventory to meet customer demands.. Opened, closed, and balanced POS system on a daily basis.. Scheduled nursery personnel, monitored attendance, and evaluated performance.. Enforced company policies to minimize risk potential.. Maintenance      Communicated equipment malfunctions to maintenance staff to sustain a high level of equipment reliability.. Scheduled and monitored nightly facility cleaning.. Responded immediately to emergency situations and prepared and submitted timely accident reports.. Staff Management      Hired, trained, motivated, evaluated, and disciplined staff to achieve corporate performance standards.. Coached and mentored employees to contribute to club's success.. Conducted ongoing staff training.. Operations Management      Organized department schedules to ensure adequate coverage and efficient operations.. Consistently achieved percentage to budget bonus pay for meeting or surpassing corporate goals.. Previous Experience includes various management roles for Chicago Health Club. I'm proficient at operations management, sales reporting, and sales.]
90365216, [I got my associate of science   nursing in nursing from collin county community college. As a Personal Trainer, And my major duty is Fitness in Motion, Energy Fitness, DFW Surf Taught clients how to modify exercises appropriately to avoid injury.. Recorded training sessions and maintained package rates for each client.. Contributed to increases in sales for the personal training department.. Participated in club promotions to recruit new members and increase club sales.. Met minimum monthly revenue, service and customer satisfaction goals.. facility goals. I'm proficient at management consultant, direction, and staffing.]
54246169, [I got my b   sc     hons   degree   agriculture in agriculture from nangarhar university. As a plant protection Manager, I worked from Jan 2002 to Jan 2004. And my major duty is Provided improved seed to farmers.. Worked with farmers on the field to control plant disease.. Gave refresh courses about plant disease to farmers.. Record all plant diseases reports, from all districts.. Managed all state Agriculture properties, for cultivation. I'm proficient at government, materials, and workshops.]
28165687, [I got my master of science   agriculture education and extension in agriculture education and extension      tennessee state university   city   state bachelor of science   agriculture science animal science   pre   veterinary medicine from tennessee state university. As a Veterinary Technician Assistant, I worked from 05/2006 to 08/2008. And my major duty is Provide nursing care and healing therapy for animals. Perform laboratory tests to help in finding of animal health problems. Sterilize and prepare surgical equipment and clean after surgery. Handle, and care for animals during treatment and surgery. Produce radiography, and collect and analyze samples. I'm proficient at research, instruction, and and program development.]
21134923, [I got my ba   international relations economics in international relations economics from florida international university. As a Consultant, And my major duty is Formulated annual and multi-year strategic work plans, as part of a team Drafted funding proposals for communications plans Researched and analyze various topics for the development of communications strategies for priority corporate initiatives (sustainable cities, climate change, biodiversity, corporate social responsibility, etc.) Cultivated relationships with more than 25 Latin American and Caribbean community-based organizations in the Washington, D.C.. area Coordinated the annual grant cycle for the IDB's Corporate Social Responsibility Program: IDB-D.C.. Solidarity Coordinated special projects and events in the US, and abroad to ensure compliance with internal regulations Coordinated budget execution, monitored spending, and provided reports accordingly Designed, edited and produced the IDB's Annual Report. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and quattro pro.]
37292350, [I got my  in agriculture education from texas a   m university city   state   us doctor of education   design and development of online doctor of education august      texas a   m university. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is update/information paper to Army Community Service. Maintained continuity notebook to be turned into ACS upon completion of position. Planned, coordinated and executed at least 2 village socials/ and or meetings per calendar year for the community. Worked with Fort Leavenworth Frontier Heritage Communities (FLFHC), Provost Marshals Office (PMO), AAFES, Commissary, Directorate of Family, Morale, Welfare and Recreation and other organizations to address quality of life issues. Worked with Customer Management Service Program Manager for feedback and resolution on quality of life issues. Provided updates and announcements for FLFHC monthly community newsletter Founding Member/ OPOC - CGSC Spouse Council April 2012 - April 2013 Fort Leavenworth, KS Hours per week: 8-15 Founding Member/ OPOC Served as Treasurer and Co- Primary Spouse Council Contact. Aided in the development and monitoring of GSGC/ ILE Families Facebook page. Aided in planning and implementing of family activities. Aided in dissemination of information and activity planning. Responsible for creating the Spouse Council for CGSC. Created and maintained guidelines and procedures. Recruited volunteers to sit on Spouse Council. Helped schedule monthly meetings; attended meetings and voted on issues. Created and maintained social media sites. Aided in publicity for group. Worked with PAO and Director of Student Division. Routinely briefed CGSC leadership. Verified and aided other volunteers with logging of volunteer hours in VMIS. 2 th General Volunteer- 28 CSH June 2010 - December 2012 Fort Bragg, NC Hours per week: 5 General Volunteer Served on Steering Committee. Aided in planning and implementing fundraisers. Aided in fundraising opportunities. Helped develop, plan and implement family activities for the unit. Helped develop, plan and implement homecoming activities after deployment. Supervisor: Felton Moore (910-391-4768) nd Family Readiness Group Leader- C Co. 82 BSB July 2008- June 2010 Fort Bragg, NC Hours per week: 20-35 FRG (Family Readiness Group) Leader Served as a liaison between family members desiring information concerning deployed Soldiers and the military chain of command. Planned and implemented fundraisers, organized, planned, and conducted redeployment activities, and developed newsletter template and published monthly newsletter. Other responsibilities included: -Supported unit commanders FRG goals -Provided overall leadership of the FRG (which included planning, managing, and supervising FRG activities) -Identified and addressed important FRG and family related issues for the command -Ensured proper FRG training for FRG key members -Ensured proper classes of instructional or informative nature were provided -Trained in Casualty Notification procedures -Trained in and conducted activities as Comfort/Care Team Member -Planned company level FRG meetings -Attended and actively participated in Battalion FRG Steering Committee meetings -Coordinated administrative and logistical support with the Family Readiness Support Assistant (FRSA) -Designed and developed training for adult family members I'm proficient at technical support, training, and adult education.]
84512719, [I got my electrical   electronics engineering technology in electrical   electronics engineering technology from owens community college. As a Agriculture Worker, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Manage & maintain heavy farm equipment.. skills gained- responsibility, flexibility, self-determination and confidence. I'm proficient at logistics, organizational skills, and teamwork.]
21868149, [I got my bachelor of arts   development studies in development studies from . As a Attache, I worked from 05/2013 to now.And my major duty is I was an attaché under the RARP- CSF programme in the Agriculture sector from May 2013 to February 2014.. During the time I was attached I provided both administrative and programme support and back up assistance for the sector specifically RARP- CSF.. Whilst working with the Agriculture sector, I acquired an understanding of development work and my duties included: Strengthening the documentation process and the process of data collection, data entry analysis as well as contributing towards the development of case studies and related articles for publication Supporting the development of a data management system to ensure safe and efficient upkeep of RARP programme documents Payments compliance and processing Assisting with regular field visits for data collection and analysis Assist with coordination of stakeholder field visits Preparing requests for funds to support project activities.. Maintaining inventory of project assets/resources Organizing venues and invitations to project meetings - making travel arrangements Taking minutes during meetings or key events for dissemination Participating in the development and application of monitoring and evaluation tools and reporting systems.. Sharing of project reports and activity plans with key stakeholders. I'm proficient at processes, data entry, and business development.]
37201447, [I got my bachelor of science   agriculture education in agriculture education from university of san diego. As a Agriculture Teacher, I worked from 08/1995 to 08/2000. And my major duty is Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.. Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.. Routinely met with students' parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions.Implemented student discipline measures, decreasing classroom disruptions by 80%. I'm proficient at experience working with special needs students, as i feel ag and special needs go and and hand, and excellent classroom management.]
29897742, [I got my bachelor of science   agriculture education in agriculture education from university of san diego   city. As a Agriculture Teacher, I worked from 08/1995 to 08/2000. And my major duty is Developed interesting course plans to meet academic, intellectual and social needs of students.. Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase student understanding of course materials.. Routinely met with students' parents regarding in-class issues and learning interruptions to discuss solutions.Implemented student discipline measures, decreasing classroom disruptions by 80%. I'm proficient at self motivated, materials, and instruction.]
55500538, [I got my bachelor of science in geography   urban studies from normandale community college. As a Parks and Forestry Maintenance Worker, I worked from 06/2014 to 08/2014. And my major duty is Average hours/week: 40. Maintained 71 parks and recreation areas by mulching, aerating, weeding, planting, trimming and edging around walks, walls and flower beds.. Trimmed and cut trees using various type of power equipment, including chainsaws.. Identified and removed poison ivy, buckthorn and other invasive plants.. Worked with supervisors to complete daily projects. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft office gis, and proposal development.]
15053703, [I got my bachelor of arts   elementary education in elementary education      university of portland city   state university of portland student   majoring in elementary education from university of portland city. As a Student Activities Office Assistant, I worked from 08/2013 to now.And my major duty is Helped organized activities in the University's Campus. Worked with other Universities to create combined events. Assisted clubs and organizations for sponsored activities volunteering opportunities I'm proficient at student involvement, and organizational, and public speaking.]
15603319, [I got my master of science   entomology in entomology from florida agricultural   mechanical university. As a FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT, I worked from 12/2002 to 10/2011. And my major duty is Receive diagnostic samples from extension officers and farmers.. Prepare samples for diagnostics.. Rear and preserved specimens as necessary.. Establish experimental plots.. Visit field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposals.. Monitor on and off station experimental plots for infestations.. Maintain inventory list, materials and lab space.. Work on all research projects in the unit.. Assist in Crop and Plant Protection Unit Integrated Pest Management Systems developing on several crops threshold base pesticides.. Population dynamic study on Red Palm Mites and Broad Mites. I'm proficient at data collection, maintain inventory statistical analysis, and prepare sample and microsoft office.]
69336473, [I got my  in nutrition from fay w   boozman college of public health. As a Mississippi County Extension Agent, I worked from July 2007 to July 2008. And my major duty is I worked with the "Eating and Moving for Life" Dietary Intervention Program.. Focused on reducing the risk of hypertension, diabetes, and other nutrition related chronic diseases (ages 18 and over). Planned and implemented nutrition and health programs for residents. Reported data to state Extension staff. Evaluated program participants. Assisted EMFL nurses with pre and post health screenings for participants. Submitted weekly, monthly and quarterly reports of participant impact and progress for supervisor and grant partners. Completed monthly AIMS and Civil Rights Reporting. ]
18242317, [I got my master of science   entomology in entomology from florida agricultural   mechanical university. As a FIELD AND LAB RESEARCH ASSISTANT, I worked from 12/2002 to 10/2011. And my major duty is Received diagnostic samples from extension officers and farmers.. Prepared samples for diagnostics.. Identification of insect specimen in the plant clinic. Reared and preserved specimens as necessary.. Established experimental plots.. Visited field for prescribed observations and data collection as was set out in proposals.. Monitored on and off station experimental plots for infestations.. Maintained inventory list, materials and lab space.. Worked on all research projects in the unit.. Assisted in Crop and Plant Protection Unit. Integrated Pest Management Systems developing on several crops threshold base pesticides.. Population dynamic study on Red Palm Mites and Broad Mites. I'm proficient at data collection, statistical analysis software sas, and microsoft office.]
30437583, [I got my masters of public health in community health nutrition from loma linda university. As a Student Intern, And my major duty is Part-time volunteer employment - 20 hours per week.. Supervisor: Jeff Greenfield, (703) 605-4331. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft powerpoint, and publisher.]
14140903, [I got my ph   d     ruminant nutrition in ruminant nutrition from university of agriculture. As a Assistant Lecturer, I worked from 08/2010 to now.And my major duty is -Instructed a class of 156 students in animal feed and feeding course. -Lectured and communicated effectively with students from diverse backgroups. -Inspired students to translate their academic interests into the real world by taking positive actions I'm proficient at good numerical and analytical skillsand great organizational skills.]
17312146, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from hagerstown community college. As a Field technician and larvicider, And my major duty is The technician records a site survey assessment and performs quality checks of biological control agents before and after applications.. The technician collects, records, and processes data pertaining to the environment and pesticide concentration including both targeted and non-targeted species indigenous to each treatment area.. The technician is responsible for the use of a state department motor vehicle in a safe manner on public roadways within the state at all times. I'm proficient at plumbing, processes, and carpentry.]
29746235, [I got my bachelor of science   wellness   kinesiology in wellness   kinesiology from foster college of physical education and sports. As a Student Worker, I worked from 08/2014 to 01/2016. And my major duty is Created biochar Pyrolysis, the process of creating a fine-grained highly porous charcoal that helps soils retain nutrients and water.. Entered biochar data into excel spread sheet.. Helped make chemical for research and maintained cleanliness of chemical laboratory equipment. I'm proficient at ability to design, extremely organized, and data entry.]
62994611, [I got my bachelor of science   computer engineering in computer engineering from rowan university. As a Computer Engineer Intern, I worked from 06/2012 to 09/2012. And my major duty is Our team has created an application for Turkish Patent and Trademark Office using MatLab, C#, SQL and HTML.. My responsibilities within that team was:.. Developed the FAQ and Support part of the web site.. Researched various studies and recommended alternate algorithms for Image processing to increase accuracy and speed.. Tested and documented prototypes and standard products.. Maintained positive work atmosphere by building relationships with co-workers, customers, clients and management.. PROJECTS Question Answering System: As the sole resource on this project created a windows application with Phyton for COVID-19 related questions using BERT and ELMO language models.. The Frameworks were Pandas, Tensorflow, NLTK.. Data Visualization Tool: The objective of this project was to analyze communication structures, employee relationships and suspicious transactions by designing and implementing a data visualization tool.. The dataset included the VAST Challenge 2019 dataset with over 100,000+ data.. The Frameworks were Flask, Pandas and the Language was Phyton.. My responsibilities were data cleansing and data categorization.. From the data visualization Leadership was able to get insight in the growth, sales, costs and make decisions towards better performance.. Pre-Assess Melanoma: The objective of the project was to create a system that could pre-assess malignant melanoma using Matlab Language and image processing algorithms.. The system was trained with the images of malignant and healthy images.. My responsibilities included all development, testing and training.. The User Interface was the responsibility of other team member.. This system enabled the users to seek healthcare at earlier stages of melanoma. I'm proficient at leadership, mongodb, and node js.]
38216888, [I got my associate of arts   political science city   state political science contra costa college      associate of arts   liberal arts   social and behavioral sciences in political science from contra costa college. As a Laborer, I worked from September 2003 to July 2008. And my major duty is Completed all repairs and maintenance work to company standards. Planned work and determined appropriate tools and equipment. Took care of facility grounds. Kept supervisor informed of job progress and material requirements. Owner, Dave Umino, umonovineyards.com I'm proficient at strong interpersonal skills, customer service skills, and dependable worker.]
19851252, [I got my bachelor of science in occupational safety and environmental health applied engineering emergency management from millersville university of pennsylvania. As a Customer Service Associate, And my major duty is Providing quality service to our customers, cashiering, replenishing the merchandise, and straitening up the aisles at closing. I'm proficient at directing, direction, and closing.]
11813872, [I got my master of science in computer science and programming from python for finance. As a Oracle Developer, And my major duty is As a junior developer, contributed significantly to develop many products at Fuji Foundation Islamabad, Pakistan. My primary role was to gather business requirements and then work with senior members in the development team to build products using Oracle. I actively contributed in successfully delivery of following products.. Hospital Management System. Shares Management System. Asset Management System. Payroll and Personnel Information System. Accounting Management System. Vehicle Management System. Inventory Management System (IMS) I'm proficient at deep expertise in financial instruments modeling including complex derivative products, deep expertise in front office, and data quality working groups.]
16849128, [I got my associate of science in process technology from iti technical college. As a B Class Electrician, I worked from 01/2010 to 06/2015. And my major duty is Install or calibrate electrical or mechanical equipment such as motors, engines, switchboards, relays, switch gears, meters, and pumps.. Cut, bend, or shape mental conduit for installation in new construction plant, using a hydraulic bender and pipe threader. I'm proficient at production and processing, able to lift up to pounds, and team work.]
23631188, [I got my high school diploma in accounting from university of cape town. As a Accounts manager, I worked from March 2003 to November 2003. And my major duty is Full function accounts payable and accounts receivable. Reconcile accounts. Prepared payment run checks and remittance advices. Resolve account queries. Full function debtors. Process waybills for invoicing. Ensure all invoices & statements are delivered to customers timeously. Collection of debtors payments. Wages & salaries. All Banking. Petty cash. Control fuel account. Reconcile all accounts with auditors monthly I'm proficient at manage vendor information and setup, develop, and research and resolve a variety of routine internal and external inquiries concerning account status.]
24001783, [I got my ph   d   soil   water and environmental science in soil   water and environmental science from university of arizona city   state   usa soil   water and environmental science msc   soil   water and environmental science      university of arizona city   state   usa   soil   water and environmental science diploma   management      university of london city   state   uk management bsc     agriculture. As a Fisheries Officer, I worked from 01/2002 to now.And my major duty is Revamped the data collection program which led to the reduction of data gaps within the months and years;. Examined and quantified the composition of fish species caught, discarded, and retained on commercial fishing vessels;. Collected and analyzed biological and socio-economic data among others on Guyana's commercial marine species such as Southern Redsnapper (. Lutjanus purpureus. ), Seatrout (. Cynoscion virescens. ) and Bangamary (. Macrodon ancylodon. ) using models as specified by CRFM;. Wrote scientific reports and presented the findings of data analyzed to various stakeholders. I'm proficient at microsoft office and microsoft excel, hour osha hazard recognition training for the construction industry, and wastewater treatment systems.]
12341902, [I got my masters of science   guidance counseling in psychology from st   johns college. As a Office Clerk, I worked from 01/1975 to now. I'm proficient at brief counseling, resistance and prevention program rapp certified trainer, and group and individual counseling.]
11197262, [I got my bachelor of science   environmental biology in environmental biology from keystone college. As a Wildlife Biology Field Assistant, I worked from May 1998 to September 1998. And my major duty is Assisted in avian field surveys utilizing research data analysis to determine the condition of the current population of Flammulated Owls in western New Mexico.. Collected nest site and microhabitat forest density measurements with Garmin GPS unit, fiberglass tape, spherical densitometer, clinometer, telescoping pinhole camera and video recording equipment during constant monitoring of survey routes along the Continental Divide, New Mexico.. Participated in broadcast surveys, observed nest site selection, flight patterns, observed and collected foraging rates and prey selection data, used targeted mist nets to capture, band and take blood samples for DNA fingerprinting, observed nest and brood habits and fledgling success. I'm proficient at capacity to follow recipes and formulate mixtures based on manufacturer s specifications, ability to analyze and test basic wet and dry chemistry obtaining qualitative and quantitative chemical measurements, and skillful application of bench chemistry in a lab setting by adhering to standard operating procedures.]
10953078, [I got my bsn   nursing in nursing from western business college. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from April 1990 to April 1996. And my major duty is Maintaining informational material and application packets availability.. Assisting applicants accurately complete and provide information required form application completion.. Compile information for reports.. Setting up and maintaining supervised bank accounts monthly.. Reconcileing local office concentrated banking system.. Servicing delinquent accounts, Prepares tax vouchers as applicable.. Weekly back up of computer files and secure storage of files. I'm proficient at instructor, direction, and balance.]
69859102, [I got my criminal justice in criminal justice from texas a   m international university. As a Seasonal Field Worker, I worked from 05/2006 to 08/2006. And my major duty is Seasonal migrant worker that would return every summer till 2012. Mowed and edged lawns and flowerbeds using shovel and hula hoe.. Operated motorized vehicles and equipment such as tractors, and traiers .. Mixed and sprayed fertilizers, herbicides and insecticides onto grass, shrubs and trees.. Installed rock gardens, ponds and irrigation systems in accordance with client specifications.. Planted seeds, bulbs, ground covers and trees.. Arranged shrubs, trees and flowers to create particular landscape effects. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, strong public speaker, and operations management.]
40882926, [I got my political science   public administration in political science   public administration from grandview university. As a Development Coordinator/Event Planner, I worked from September 1997 to May 2000. And my major duty is Successfully led all fund raising activities, volunteer recruitment and event planning for the nonprofit agency.. Managed the popular annual PPGI Book Fair held at the State Fair Grounds, resulting in record sales for each of the two years involved.. Received "Star Performer" award for organizing and supervising sold out annual dinner, and securing Dr.. Ruth Westheimer as keynote speaker. I'm proficient at leadership, supervising, and book.]
16653657, [I got my master of science   chemistry in chemistry from michigan state university. As a Chemist, And my major duty is Performed toxicological screening and conformational studies using GC/MS on horse serum and urine for illegal or banned drugs and their metabolites. Conducted both qualitative and quantitative analysis. I'm proficient at uv vis, hplc, and physical chemistry.]
24397882, [I got my m   b   a   management in accounting computer science from university of st   thomas   city   state gpa   gpa         management gpa         bachelor of arts   accounting computer science st   mary   s university of minnesota. As a Controller, I worked from January 1991 to January 1998. And my major duty is Promoted from Assistant Controller to Controller in May 1993 Promoted from Controller to Manager of Information & Reporting Systems in October 1996 Responsible for the consolidated financial statements & annual budgeting process for nine divisions.. Prepared and reviewed 10Q and 10K SEC reports.. Supervised a staff of seven (Accounts Payable, Human Resources, Payroll, and Accounting).. Implemented cost tracking and scheduling system for Land Development Department.. Involved in process re-engineering; suggested new processes resulting in cost savings.. Team member for two computer conversions.. Assisted with the development and testing of proprietary software.. Involved in data extraction & migration, testing, and training end users.. Developed an Accounting Policy and Procedures Training Manual. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and management consultant.]
16172429, [I got my b   s   finance robert h   smith school of business gpa   gpa          finance gpa          b   a   government   politics in finance from university of maryland. As a FINANCIAL INSTITUTION EXAMINER, I worked from 01/2010 to now.And my major duty is Division of Risk Management Supervision		        Aug.. Collaborate with examiners, specialists, and assistants to evaluate the safety and soundness of operations for over 70 insured depository institutions within the eastern and central Pennsylvania territory, ranging in asset size from $30 million to nearly $5 billion,.. Assess the asset quality, asset and liability management strategies, the adequacy of capital, earnings performance, and the budgetary process at financial institutions.. Hold formal exit meetings with senior management and board meetings with the directorate to discuss examination findings and obtain commitment for corrective action.. Facilitate the training of less-tenured employees through designated on-the-job training assignments.. Credit Review Experience: Evaluate the asset quality of an institution through review of loan files and assign loan classifications.. Focus on reviewing commercial credits (i.e., commercial mortgages, C&I loans, working capital lines), large participations, and specialized lending programs.. Assess borrowers' capacity to repay; protection; performance; and the adequacy of underwriting, credit administration practices, and accounting treatment for individual loans to determine overall level of credit risk.. Analyze financial statements, tax returns, and other financial documents of borrowers, guarantors, and related entities to assess risk and creditworthiness on a global basis.. Ensure that financial information is timely, complete, and enable management to accurately measure for compliance with performance covenants.. Discuss concerns with loan officers and management regarding specific loans, file documentation, and any regulatory compliance issues.. Cite apparent violations of law and regulations as necessary and prepare formal loan write-ups, technical schedules, and an overall assessment of the asset quality of the institution for inclusion in the exam report.. Significant Assignments: Nov.. 2013 - Served as acting examiner-in-charge of an examination of a $700 million bank, which resulted in the downgrade of $10 million in loans from Special Mention to Substandard, and the citation of an apparent violation of regulatory appraisal requirements, and identification of the lack of an impairment analysis for a restructured trouble debt.I worked from 12/2014 to now.And my major duty is Supervised the activities of loan review team as asset manager at a $4.4 billion mutual savings institution in which the asset quality rating was upgraded due to an improvement in adversely classified loans, despite identified criticisms of the allowance methodology and recommendations to improve monitoring of lending policy exceptions.. Apr.. 2015 - Designated as one of the national training instructors for division-wide rollout of new proprietary Examination Tool Suites (ETS) loan review and exam software.. In addition, designed and developed original training material to refresh examiners' knowledge of loan review software for presentation in two field offices.. Certifications & Awards: FINRA Series 91 (Mar.. 2014) - FDIC Safety and Soundness Technical Evaluation STAR Award (Oct.. 2014) - Strong teamwork, technical knowledge, and high-quality contributions to loan review team at examination of a troubled institution, including identifying loan downgrades STAR Award (Jul.. 2015) - Outstanding performance during the examination of a complex institution under a regulatory enforcement action, including identifying and citing over 170 apparent violations.I worked from 05/2008 to now.And my major duty is STUDENT INTERN, Rural Electric Infrastructure Loan & Loan Guarantee Program Processed loan applications from rural electric utility cooperatives, and prepared underwriting memos.. Performed credit analyses, ensuring that regulatory minimums for certain financial ratios were met.. Assessed loan feasibility through a detailed review of 10-year forecasted cash flows and sensitivity analyses, and examined borrowers' three-year historical financial statements to monitor performance trends.. Recommended loan approvals to the loan committee, resulting in a 100% approval rate and the disbursement of over $30 million in appropriated funds for new construction and storm damage repairs. I'm proficient at assess risk, ms excel, and spss.]
36102323, [I got my nursing in nursing from brown   mackie college city. As a Service Director, And my major duty is Examined vehicles to determine the extent of damage or malfunctions.. Communicated with customers regarding vehicle issues and potential repairs.. Maintained a 95% customer service satisfaction rating.. Organized work records and filed reports.. Reviewed the work of 20 auto mechanics.. Guided mechanics with decisions concerning repair and replacement of parts.. Created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customer issues.. Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction.. Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives.. Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.. Addressed negative customer feedback immediately.. Provided a high level of product and leadership support to representatives and clients.. Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.. Effectively managed departmental expenses to stay within allocated budget.. Resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.. Developed and implemented policies, procedures and process improvement initiatives to improve retention rates and increase customer satisfaction.. Recommended changes to existing methods to increase the accuracy, efficiency and responsiveness of the customer service department.. Generated and distributed daily reports and order acknowledgments to appropriate personnel.. Served as mentor to junior team members.. Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12%.. Effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists.. Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.. Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
81042872, [I got my bachelor of engineering   honors in biotechnology from university of pennsylvania. As a Intern, I worked from Jun 2009 to Jul 2009. And my major duty is Worked as part of a team in the Biochemistry, Immunology & Hematology departments.. Successfully carried out statistical analysis of lipid profiles of patients and submitted a report on the same. I'm proficient at mac os, presenting, and powerpoint.]
19532392, [I got my bachelor of science   healthcare management        park university   city   state   united states healthcare management study focused on principles of accounting   economics   financial management   human resource management   principles of management   organizational behavior   business law   principles of marketing   legal issues of health care and quantitative research methods   associate of arts        air university   city   state   united states logistics study focused on supply management   material storage and distribution   logistics automated systems   logistics maintenance system   and stock control bachelor of science in healthcare management from . As a Intern, I worked from February 2006 to July 2006. And my major duty is Monitored production and system control in the organization Successfully carried out drug processing and packaging procedures Ensured quality assurance *and engaged in practical laboratory analysis of several company production to test for 100% NAFDAC compliance regulation Inspected Industrial Equipment Professional Experience Participated in different team projects. I'm proficient at insurance, inventory management, and data entry.]
34141299, [I got my gateway institute of technology high school diploma in gateway institute of technology from st   louis community college. As a Stocking Associate, And my major duty is Walmart is a global retailer of stores, online and through their mobile devices; servicing more than 245 million customers weekly in 10 countries and fiscal sales of approximately $473 billion.. Walmart employs 2.2 million associates worldwide.. Received material into the store, prepared it for the store shelves, checked deliveries for accuracy, verifying that quantities received matched bills of lading, purchase orders and other documents.. Organized the stock room to ensure accurate labeling, logical placement, neat arrangement.. Cleanliness, decreased store shrinkage by researching inventory discrepancies, and reporting suspicious activities to loss prevention specialists, maintained ongoing and proactive communication with key partners about new arrivals, order overages/shortages, and delivery delays. I'm proficient at enterprise, telephones, and mac os.]
89740812, [I got my masters of business administration in mechanical engineering   computer   aided design from . As a Web Developer, And my major duty is Consulted with customers to perform needs analysis, determine project scope and define problem solutions that focus on increasing client revenue and ROI.. Developed statements of work for project proposals to acquire new accounts.. Designed various types of e-media including retail e-commerce sites, content management systems and web portals.. Developed marketing content to include design layout, copy, graphic art and various electronic media productions.. Monitored and analyzed results to optimize online marketing and enhance the customer experience with a focus on developing long term customer relationships Adjunct Faculty Computer Aided Drafting and Design.. Design and implement quality training in the subject area of Computer Aided Design productively delivered to more than 350 students in classes of 15-20 cohorts per session.. Develop innovative strategies to effectively present training materials while maintaining performance goals in terms of attendance and student engagement.. Performed Interim Department Chairperson duties including management of a staff of 10 full and part-time instructors, preserved student retention goals and addressed various issues concerning student development and general classroom concerns. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and mac os.]
20969119, [I got my master of business administration in finance city   state finance from baker college. As a Department Manager, I worked from June 2000 to February 2002. And my major duty is Hired to direct and lead a team of sales associates responsible for producing consistent positive sales performance through the day-to-day management of a specific department.. Full P & L responsibility for a department with more than $6 million in annual sales.. Received Cabela's Outstanding Leadership Award and Customer Service Excellence Award.. Hired, trained and managed a customer-focused team of 32 staff; five staff promoted in 2 years.. Selected by store manager to mentor and coach new and underperforming department managers; helped several managers improve their sales and customer service performance. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and organizational development.]
27689009, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in criminal justice from california state university. As a Special Investigator, I worked from 08/1989 to 09/1990. And my major duty is Investigated violations of the Penal Code and Business and Professions Code, issued citations, conducted undercover operations, gathered evidence, submitted cases for successful criminal complaints, testified in court. ]
29510501, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from university of maryland eastern shore. As a Office Automation Clerk, And my major duty is Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.. Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers. I'm proficient at typewriters, telephones, and photocopiers.]
17640785, [I got my master of science   philosophy   medical anthropology in medical anthropology from green templeton college. As a Recruitment Intern, I worked from Sep 2010 to Jun 2011. And my major duty is Contributed to overall campus recruiting strategy, planned campus events, held public speaking events, assisted in publicizing upcoming events,. consulted and maintained the confidentiality of student applicants, answered inquiries, collated reports,. filed recruitment information, saved and transferred all documents and correspondence in a sound manner. I'm proficient at organized, microsoft word, and interviews.]
29968330, [I got my bachelor of agricultural sciences in animal science from the universty of zambia. As a Principal Investigator, And my major duty is Participated in the evaluation of acidulated rock phosphate as a source of phosphorous in broiler rations under the supervision of Dr. Daura at the university of Zambia. Under this program chickens were reared under feed formulated using rock phosphate and compared with those under commercial feed. Both the ones under commercial feed and those under rock phosphate their body weight gains and carcases were analyzed and compared statistically I'm proficient at research, supervising, and powerpoint.]
28733974, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing education from abraham baldwin agricultural college. As a Statistician, I worked from 04/1983 to 06/1988. And my major duty is Managed state database of over 150,000 agricultural professionals.  Prepared programming through Martin Marietta Data Services to select survey respondents for agricultural production services in Georgia that would ensure mathematically accurate survey results.  Prepared quarterly Consumer Report Index that calculates pricing increases/decreases in consumer goods such as dairy products, meat products, etc. I'm proficient at negotiation, experienced in legislative processes, and accurate and detailed.]
15546686, [I got my bachelor of science in microbiology and molecular biology from metropolitan state university of denver. As a Teaching Assistant/ Research Assistant, I worked from 01/2005 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Cell and Molecular Teaching and Research Assistant.. Responsible for materials used in lectures and practical work.. Led lectures, graded papers.. Assisted in Cell and Molecular Research. I'm proficient at research, sales, and marketing.]
56068028, [I got my master   accounting in accounting from university of texas at austin. I have 1 work experiences.  ]
24068423, [I got my phd   soil science and crop physiology in soil science and crop physiology from university of kentucky. As a Research Assistant Nov, I worked from January 2000 to May 2000. And my major duty is Developed sustainable technologies to retain soil, moisture and vegetation in eroded regions using Coir Geo textiles.. Identified different types of coir geo textiles for conserving soil and water under varying slopes. I'm proficient at research, automation, and phd.]
12674256, [I got my bba marketing in marketing from howard university. As a Auditor (Intern), I worked from 06/2009 to 08/2009. And my major duty is Reviewed and audited budgets for over 70 public schools in the as a representative auditor for the state of N.J.; these budgets included the purchasing of refrigerators, textbooks, school supplies, health and fitness posters, fitness gear for students, heating and cooling systems and normal monthly safety needs. Approved and ensured the workplace conditions of student used facilities based upon state guidelines. Recorded and reported all schools who failed the state standard for budget compliance agreement and was allowed to shut down school summer programs as seen fit. Developed action plans and goal set for all schools who failed according to State guidelines; these action plans included repair dates and proper repair materials, documented proof of purchase for all items used to pass inspection and program licensing renewals I'm proficient at delegation expert with a focus on results and team growth, budget management, and team mediation.]
27888251, [I got my bachelor of science   environmental science and geology in environmental science and geology from whatcom community college. As a Architectural Control Assistant, I worked from March 2006 to June 2006. And my major duty is Performed building plan submittal, review, and record keeping.. Served community members with questions on permit applications.. Assisted with preparing agendas for meetings, conducting meetings and documenting meeting minutes.. Coordinated and assisted with the Tree Subcommittee site visits. I'm proficient at courteous, a tenacious, and and professional self motivated individual who requires minimal supervision.]
16507693, [I got my high school diploma in high school from southeast high school. As a Budget Technician Series 0503, I worked from Nov 1992 to Nov 1994. And my major duty is (This is a federal job). Hours per week:  40. Pay Plan:  GS. Grade:  5. Maintained document control logs, to comply with requirements of the Department of the Army regulations for a three state area.. Prepared automated transmittal letters on a weekly basis for travel orders and account payable items.. Prepared travel orders (DD1610) and Transportation requests in a timely manner to provide field personnel necessary documentation prior to travel.. Posted Commitments to DCAS.. Reviewed non-stock fund orders, and payables listing within three days of receipt.. Processed voucher payments, within seven days of receipt to ensure prompt payments to vendors, in compliance with the Prompt Payment Act.. Assured bus tickets for applicants were processed and files reconciled in a timely manner.. Assisted Budget and Accounting Technician in annual planning and development of operating budget.. Reconciled and prepared all invoices for payment of Blanket Purchase Agreements. Maintained MARKS Filing System in accordance with AR 25-20. Typed correspondence as required.. Supervisor:  Constance Weis I'm proficient at microsoft office word outlook excel power point.]
55712978, [I got my phd enzyme biotechnology   department of biochemistry   university putra malaysia   malaysia august      thesis title     production optimization and characterization of thermostable recombinant lipase from a locally isolated bacterium in biotechnology from department of biochemistry   university putra malaysia. As a Research Fellow, And my major duty is Conducted research on enzyme biotechnology and bioelectromagnetics, which led to the development of novel approaches to inhibit/activate enzyme activity.And my major duty is Chaired the biochemistry and biophysics research lab with 17 members.. Published 13 conference proceedings based on the conducted study on potential of electromagnetic fields to trigger the Phosphatidylinositol signal cascades and some of biomolecular hot points such as Na+/K+ ATPase and acetylcholinesterase.. Recent Awards Gamo Pepto Cure; Immunomodulatory and Antihypertensive Bioactive Peptides Generated from Actinopyaga lecanora, Gold Medal, 25th International Invention, Innovation & Technology Exhibition, ITEX 2014, 8-10 May, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.. VasoPept; A Marine Antihypertensive Bioingredient from Stichopus horrens, Gold Medal, 25th International Invention, Innovation & Technology Exhibition, ITEX 2014, 8-10 May, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.. PeptoGreen; Green Soybean Proteolysate: A New Source of Antihypertensive Peptides with Industrial Application, Silver Medal, 25th International Invention, Innovation & Technology Exhibition, ITEX 2014, 8-10 May, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.. Multifunctional Winged Bean Seed Proteolysate, Gold Medal, 24th International Invention, Innovation & Technology Exhibition, ITEX 2013, 9-11 May, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.. An Industrially Potent Lactobacillus plantarum for Dual Biosynthesizing Activities for the Production of Glutamic Acid and GABA, Gold Medal, 24th International Invention, Innovation & Technology Exhibition, ITEX 2013, 9-11 May, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.. Note: More award information provided by request) Patents Generation of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from Stichopus horrens.. PI 2013 700 448 A process for enhanced production of glutamic acid and gamma-amino butyric acid.. PI 2013 700 338 Protein hydrolysates from Actinopyge lecanora and bioactive peptides.. PI 2013 702 386 Functional bioactive peptides from palm kernel cake protein.. PI 2013 700 397 Production of biopeptides with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition and antioxidant activities from winged bean seed [Psophocarpus tetragonolobus (L.) DC].. PI 2013 700 449 Green soybean (Glycine max) seed hydrolystates with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory activity.. PI 2013 700 406 Novel microorganisms producing a thermostable lipase.. EP 2450458,09.05.2012 View Publications via Google Scholar and ResearchGate http://scholar.google.com.my/citations?user=0wAGYkQAAAAJ&hl=en http://www.researchgate.net/profile/Afshin_Ebrahimpour. I'm proficient at exhibitions, technology research, and publications.]
26835781, [I got my master of science in agriculture business from southern illinois university carbondale. As a Adjunct Professor, I worked from 01/2007 to Current. And my major duty is Taught Marketing Agricultural Products.. Department of Agriculture & Natural Resources).. Taught Introduction to Algebra utilizing real-life situations to enhance student's comprehension of subject content.. Department of Mathematics).. Taught Career Development in Agriculture.. Southern Illinois University Carbondale in the Department of Plant, Soil Science, and Agricultural Systems).. Held weekly tutorial sessions to ensure student's comprehension of subject material. I'm proficient at adobe in design, ms office, and windows xp.]
26921245, [I got my masters of science   environmental science in environmental science      the ohio state university   city   state impact of management on soil fertility and rice yields in smallholder farms in tanzania bachelor of science   environmental policy and management from ohio state university. As a Secretary, I worked from 06/2010 to 09/2010. And my major duty is Coordinated and communicated with Sandusky County court system and judges to schedule all court dates and client meetings.. Answered incoming calls, responded to emails, created client MS Excel spreadsheets.. Kept records of court decisions and payments dating back 5 years.. Drafted legal documents and organized client interviews. I'm proficient at research, analytical skills, and statistics.]
20006992, [I got my mba   linguistics city   state   us wayne state university   detroit   mi   ba in linguistics in linguistics city   state   us wayne state university   detroit   mi   ba in linguistics from wayne county community college district. As a Aircraft Armament Systems Specialist (Weapons Specialist), I worked from December 1986 to May 1991. And my major duty is Weapons Specialist, United States Air Force, Lowry AFB, CO, 12/1986-05/1991 Special Forces, United States 101st Airborne Command, 01/1991-05/1991. Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with one Oak Leaf Cluster. Air Force Good Conduct Medal. National Defense Service Medal. Air Force Overseas Ribbon-Long Tour. Air Force Longevity Service Award. NCO Professional Military Education Grad Ribbon. Air Force Training Ribbon I'm proficient at instructor, training, and data entry.]
11676151, [I got my bachelor of science   computer information systems telecommunication systems support in computer information systems telecommunication systems support from delgado community college city. As a Computer Asst/Functional Adm., I worked from 06/2001 to now.And my major duty is Resolved computer desktop and laptops issues.. Knowledge and skills using Remedy and FootPrints.. Led the team morning meeting to update IT management team.. Recommended new software to management as needed. I'm proficient at skills monitoring daily production runs, network support, and application software products.]
24416961, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from towson university. As a Regional Manager, Professional Services Delivery, I worked from May 1987 to February 1994. And my major duty is Responsible for the development and deployment of project management standards and best practices for the U.S. Professional Services Organization, including the development of new service deliverables and participation in global standardization initiatives.. Managed a regional professional services project management practice covering a four state area, including a staff of 15 and a $5 million new project management service revenue responsibility. I'm proficient at sharepoint, project server, and process methodologies project planning.]
69360287, [I got my masters of public administration   government   policy in business organizational management from the kings college business organizational management. As a Information Technical Assistant, I worked from Jan 2007 to Aug 2007. And my major duty is Handled individual user access forms (IUA's) for all correctional facilities via mainframe  and deleted and changed user access for facility users.. Answered emails to grant access needed for users who changed positions and/or facilities.. Installed Lotus Notes enabling user access, utilized Bluezone and Console to add.. Fileshare access; utilized a ghost program such as Citrix Applications along with MS Word/Excel. I'm proficient at citrix, grants gateway knowledge, and transcription.]
18264694, [I got my masters in business administration in international business from university of georgia   terry college of business administration. I have 1 work experiences. I worked from January 1993 to June 1983. And my major duty is County Coordinator for two successful Gubernatorial campaigns; Honored as an "Admiral of the Georgia Navy" Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, Atlanta, GA, Membership Development, Sales Representative, 1993 Congressman Richard Ray, US House of Representatives. Washington, DC; Congressional Intern, Summer 1983 I'm proficient at finance, team management, and sales manager.]
16661264, [I got my bachelor of science in state range science from montana state university. As a Natural Resource Specialist (student trainee) GS-454-4, And my major duty is Responsible for conducting compliance checks on Bureau of Land Management (BLM) administered gravel pits. Responsible for writing Environmental Assessment (EA) for Application to Drill (ADP) for oil and gas wells in which I concurred with Natural Resources Specialist. Participated in joint effort with oil company, BLM personnel, and surface landowner to discuss and alternate planning methods for the clean-up and rehabilitation of oil well disaster. Responsible for rehab of abandoned oil wells which included reseeding and erosion control. Participated in Range Improvement Projects such as planning for fencing, pipeline installation, spring development, water catchment pits and possible sites for water wells. Processed Federal Grazing applications, this required assurance of AUM's. Responsible in conducting Rangeland Health Assessments on Federal Grazing permits to needed renewal. This required evaluating and determine the condition of allotments. Duties included identifying plant species, determine plant diversity, vegetative cover and erosion control when needed. Participated in BLM wild horse adoption. Participated in Fire Duties. Other duties include general office work, assisting the general public and other agency personnel when needed.. Supervisor:. Sandra Brooks. (406) 896-5013 I'm proficient at powerpoint, garmin, and taams.]
26070334, [I got my chemistry in chemistry from champlain college. As a Chemist II, I worked from 05/1990 to 05/1992. And my major duty is Direct work breakdown and scheduling of lab preparation, execution and clean up.. Maintained specific operating procedures that insured the successful prosecution in a court of law.. Performed numerous chemical procedures including TLC, HPLC, ELISA and other testing methods.. Maintained records and accountability of samples, testing equipment and various stages of testing procedures. I'm proficient at research, quality assurance, and auditor.]
29142288, [I got my mba   business administration in  from bachelor of science   early childhood. As a WIC/Medical Clerk, I worked from 06/1998 to 11/1998. And my major duty is Answered an average of. [number]. calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information.. Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.. Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.. Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.. Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientèle.. Investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic manner.. Served as the main liaison between customers, management and sales team.. Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot.. Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.. Directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments. I'm proficient at finance, quick book, and process improvement.]
28247753, [I got my master of public administration   master of science in information science in master of public administration   master of science in information science from kaplan university           b   s   legal studies   legal studies city   state gpa   dean   s list honors   the national society of collegiate scholars   recipient of accelerated scholastic scholars scholarship kaplan university accelerated scholastic scholars academic achievement award charlotte school of law. As a Criminal Investigator, I worked from January 1989 to March 1991. And my major duty is Initiated several undercover sales and purchases of United States Food Coupons.. Prepared detailed reports for the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for prosecution.. Drafted federal Affidavit's of Probable Cause for the U.S. Attorney of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.. As a result of my investigations, all of the defendants were found guilty for violating the U.S. Food Stamp Act (7 U.S.C.2024). I'm proficient at problem resolution, contract negotiations, and departmental operations leadership.]
79536879, [I got my bachelor   s degree   history international studies in history international studies from louisiana state university. As a Front Desk Security, I worked from Mar 1989 to Jun 1991. And my major duty is Front Desk Security. Greet visitors,check ID,have visitors sign in,issue temporary visitor passes and valid parking passes.. Monitoring entrance and, checking visitors, and employee's identification, inspect packages as well as sign for deliveries   Watch for and report irregularities such as fire hazards, leaking pipes and if any Security doors are unlocked.. Patrol areas periodically, examine windows, doors and gates to determine if area is secure Follow guidelines and appropriate procedures as specified in Security Handbook. I'm proficient at materials, problem solving, and customer service.]
17499196, [I got my bachelor of science   urban and regional planning university of technology university of technology   jamaica bachelor of science   bsc   in urban and regional planning in urban and regional planning from . As a National Environment and Planning Agency, Jamaica- Planning Intern, I worked from 07/2008 to 08/2008. And my major duty is Involved in the compilation of policies for the Kingston & St. Andrew Development Order.. Participating in the data gathering and analysis efforts for the development of the Kingston and St. Andrew Development Order.. Undertaking land use surveys in the development order region.. Using the Geographic Information System (GIS) to update land use surveys.I worked from 01/2008 to 01/2008. I worked from 01/2008 to 01/2008. I worked from 01/2007 to 01/2007.  I'm proficient at documenting, training, and survey technician.]
79261033, [I got my business management in business management from bergen community college. As a Sales Supervisor, I worked from 11/2003 to now.And my major duty is Led a team of over 14 OB Sales reps. Motivated, trained and developed, and held Sales reps accountable on a daily basis for Sales goals. Ran different department contests to increase motivation and Sales performance.. Handled Sales reps reviews on a annual basis.. Trained and developed reps through call monitoring and one on one meetings.. Successfully promoted 5 Team members to a Supervisor role. let the Outbound Sales department in Sales performance on a daily and weekly basis. I'm proficient at enterprise, languages, and direction.]
16492045, [I got my b   a   business administration in business administration from kaplan city   state b   a   business administration      kaplan university city   state associate of science   business administration      northwestern business college city. As a Administrative Assistant II/HR Coordinator, I worked from 08/2002 to now.And my major duty is Assist management in coordination of organizational administration activities (performance review, cost center updates, customer issues) and within scope of authority, resolve problems and issues independently and proactively.. Responsible for the daily operations of the field office, assuring employees were up to date with pertinent information; work closely with the Office of Building in any issues.. Prepare and process, submit reports, timekeeping and other payroll and business operations processes; train staff or management on timekeeping and other administrative processes.. Expense reports submission.. Review; approve all invoices/billing for process.. Submission of checks for payments.. Utilize SAP program.. Assist management in special projects.. Attend meetings, seminars and record notes or provide information when needed.. Schedule and coordinate meetings, conferences, travel arrangements and maintain group or manager's business calendar.. Manage the process of on-board additions/transfers to staff to assist the manger in ensuring a smooth transition.. Responsible for the day to day coordination and routine administration with LAN activities for field office.. Interface with internal and external contacts regarding business unit administration issues and concerns.. Demonstrate the ability to organize and balance the responsibilities of budget control (travel, supplies, invoice processing).. Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact with internal/external business partners and staff at all levels.. Excellent organizational skills to prioritize and coordinate multiple tasks. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, microsoft powerpoint, and letters and memos multi task management.]
18589927, [I got my bachelor of science in economics from economics city colombia. As a Financial Assistant - Trader, And my major duty is Support the financial investment area in buying and selling financial assets.. Advise the customer  with their investments to higer returns. Find solutions to customer's necessities through e-mail and phone calls.. Organize electronic files and maintain paper files updates. Verify details of transactions, including funds received and total account balances.. Deposite dividend Payments, settle invoices, administer the petty cash to keep the office up to day. provide financial reports and  office supplies. Open ans assign new Client Accounts.. Keep confidential information. I'm proficient at leadership, e mail, and investments.]
23933031, [I got my bachelor of science in social science from portland state university. As a Intraday Operations Analyst, And my major duty is Supervised Intraday Workforce Management Operations staff of 10 at two (2) onshore Centers including scheduling, staffing, recruiting, hiring, training and performance reviews and Q&A to provide optimized support of Center KPIs Chaired weekly team meetings for quality work product for Clientele (Microsoft, HP, Deutsch-Bank, Gateway, Comcast, Symantec.)  including providing premium customer service & technical support Reported daily metrics of Help Desk performance measurements & KPIs of all clientele at multi-sites ranging from 400-1400+ employees including volumes, averages and deviations to promote contractual agreements Leveraged workforce on an Intraday basis and adjusted manpower real-time according to contractual stipulations & current performance, volumes and trends Co-Created & Co-Chaired both Stream's Values Committee and Stream University established for workforce development & lower attrition; still in effect today. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and technical support.]
13964744, [I got my bachelor of commerce in accounting and business management from osmania university. As a Data Entry Specialist / Analyst, I worked from 06/2008 to 01/2009. And my major duty is through Kelly services for client Google.. Analyzing data and using various queries to transform the requirements.. Determining process and business requirements.. Transforming process requirements into business logics and functionalities.. Providing good communication to end clients and business leaders.. Documentation of various process to increase operational accuracy and efficiency.. Writing basic SQL queries for data reporting and for other business/ technical functional needs. I'm proficient at leadership, wise, and business works.]
89512321, [I got my post graduate degree ms   hrm   human resources in information technology science and commerce from birla college of arts india. As a Senior Manager, I worked from 03/2007 to 09/2008. And my major duty is Period			Since Sep 2008 Position	Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North America Work Location		Midland, Michigan, Cincinnati, Ohio; Mumbai and Chennai, India Key Accomplishments: Proficient in Leadership hiring, focussed headhunting through linkedin.. Successfully completed hiring for a 50 FTE project for a niche skill (Mortgage) in Cincinnati, OH in less than 60 days Successfully completed hiring for a 25 FTE project for a niche skill (Pharma) in Cincinnati, OH in 30 days.. Focussed Analytics hiring for TCS BPS in North America, a first of its kind where associates were hiring to work from client location for A&I domain, 10 critical positions staffed within 45 days.. Enabled deployment and rotation of associates within the US to ensure 98% utilization of resources in BPS North America Responsibilities: Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North America Recruitment for Mortgage and Pharma clients in Cincinnati, Ohio and Midland, MI area through various internal and external hiring channels Maintaining hiring budget by ensuring recruitment through vendors is reduced and encouraging internal referrals, web-sourcing and internal movement of associates.. Leadership hiring for TCS BPS Sales and Solutions function, relationship roles Focussed hiring for Analytics and Insights for multiple clients for TCS in North America, closed 10 critical positions within 45 days.. Reduced hiring cost for Niche positions by 30% and Non-Niche positions by 45% in FY 14.. Human Resource Relationship Manager for all BPS associates in the North America Geography.. Ensure adherence to IQMS documentation standard to ensure compliance and represent HR during internal and external audits.. Maintaining Attrition within permissible limits (Early Warning Indicator, Hi-Potential program, stay interviews) Building  Employee Connect through innovative employee engagement and CSR initiatives Handling other employee-related issues including full & final settlements/severance, query resolution, grievance handling Streamlining policies on integrity / disciplinary actions & performance improvement plan Managing employee performance appraisal process end to end and facilitating any disagreements Monitoring bell curve and at the end linking Increment for high performers /exit plan for non-performers.. Provide developmental strategies to the business and performance assessment of employees Adhering to FMLA and FLSA guidelines.. Pilot and Deploy HR Projects across BFSI vertical Drive the Quarterly promotion process Ensure Promotion assessments are completed in time and results circulated to respective stakeholders Drive associate Development plan based on promotion results Drive participation in the Bi-Annual HR Survey [PULSE] in the BFSI vertical.. To ensure participation in various Employer branding survey Design and deploy associate retention plans Identify, deploy and support Green Belt and process improvement projects within HR Employee Relations team Provide inputs in policy and strategic initiatives to the HR Leadership team.I worked from 03/2007 to 09/2008. I worked from 03/2007 to 09/2008. And my major duty is Work Location		Hyderabad, India Responsibilities End to end Employee Relations activities Induction of new hire associates to orient them about Satyam BPO Policies and processes Closure of Background check for new hire associates by closing out discrepancies in previous employment check / education check Conducting Employee engagement activities like skip level meetings, one-on-one meetings, town halls, awareness sessions etc to understand employee's expectations and address queries Initiate Disciplinary action as per process for violation of rules or non-adherence to the Code of Conduct Address associate grievances by initiating enquiry, conducting group meetings and submitting findings report along with recommendations Support in carrying out Employee satisfaction surveys and Organization branding surveys Complete Performance Management process by adhering to the timelines, educating associates and managers about how to complete the appraisals.. Interface with the client on a regular basis for audit requirements with regards to associate background check and drug tests.. Roll out of associate incentive plans across business unit for associate retention. I'm proficient at leadership, basic leadership skills, and organization development.]
30709029, [I got my stringham real estate school in real estate from stringham real estate school. As a Realtor / BPO Specialist / Accredited Buyer's Specialist, And my major duty is Negotiated, facilitated and managed real estate transactions.. Followed up with prospective buyers regarding incentives from the builder and new developments in the surrounding area.. Developed and maintained a list of properties suited to different needs and budgets.. Managed contracts, negotiations and all aspects of sales to finalize purchases and exceed customer expectations.. Negotiated contracts on behalf of clients.. Guided clients from beginning to end of the home buying process in choosing the right property.. Extensive file management and document imaging.. Performed all property evaluations for banks, relocation and asset management companies. I'm proficient at property management, digital photography, and organizational skills.]
11183737, [I got my bbm   business in business from mysore university. As a Training & Administration Manager, I worked from January 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Analyzed each department's training needs and developed new training programs based on the analysis.Designed training modules that implemented strategic business practices and organizational behavior training concepts Designed and developed training and development programs based on both the organization's and the individual's needs.. Considered the costs of planned programs and kept within budgets.. Worked in a team to produce programs that were satisfactory to all relevant parties in the organization, such as line managers, accountants and senior managers at board level.. Devised individual learning plans.. Produced training materials for in-house courses.. Assisted in managing the delivery of training and development programs.. Ensured that statutory training requirements were met.. Evaluated training and development programs.. Helped line managers and trainers to solve specific training problems, both on a one-to-one basis and in groups.. Develop the use of alternative learning methods in practice such as coaching, e learning, clinical supervisor, shadowing to support the workforce development benchmark Independently handled the overall functional management for Food and Beverage outlet & implemented strict measures in customer care procedures to optimize guest satisfaction & retention.. Ensured specific control on maintenance of best practices in service and hygiene while liaising with chef for the Menu planning, Menu selection- seasonal and on festivals based on customer reviews Responsible for service satisfaction to variety of guests from diverse backgrounds and successful maintenance of international standards and utmost commitment to my work.. Handled guest relationship, planning and executing the operations to ensure quality service, managing guest requests, complaints and feedbacks and displaying cordial attitude towards them for referral & repeat business to enhance profitability; achieved a high guest satisfaction indices score.. Handling the housekeeping, general maintenance & formulating administrative policies.. Arranging requirements such as transport facility, guest house, etc.. handling out-sourced staff, suppliers, budget, equipment / materials and inventory control.. Designing the Annual Budget which contains the entire expenses in General Admin, Infrastructure, repairs and maintenance for the financial year.. Monitored training costs to maintain the training budget.. Created testing and evaluation procedures.Effectively trained instructors and supervisors on techniques for managing employees.Maintained corporate responsibility by staying up-to-date with laws that affect human resource training programs.. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. I'm proficient at expert in handling office equipment, ability to research and analyze data effectively, and flexible in working hours.]
63158213, [I got my mba   it in it from rizvi college of arts   science   commerce. As a Network Engineer, I worked from Feb 2003 to Aug 2009. And my major duty is Connected switches using trunk links and Ether Channel. Responsible for maintenance and utilization of VLANs, Spanning-tree, HSRP, VTP of the switched multilayer backbone with catalyst switches. Implemented redundant Load balancing technique with Internet applications for switches and routers.. Support Network Technicians as they require training & support for problem resolution including performing diagnostics, & configuring network devices. Used Network Monitoring tool to manage, monitor and troubleshoot the network. Configured Cisco IOS Feature Set, NAT and Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) for Network Security implementation. Received inbound calls of technical nature, independently resolved customer complaints, concerns and inquiries regarding their Internet connection. Troubleshoot a wide range of technical support issues and connectivity problems such as authentication, connection speed, e-mail configuration, and loss of synchronization. Experience in new employee mentoring, training and coaching I'm proficient at ip telephony ip telephony utilizing cisco routers, dmz setup, and multicast operations.]
24727739, [I got my bachelors of science and psychology in psychology from university of phoenix city. As a Senior Service Agent - Assistant Supervisor, I worked from 05/2005 to now.And my major duty is Quality assurance monitoring Processed customer prescription claims Verified insurance coverage. Researched escalated customer disputes Mentored new hire training classes Created new standardized procedures and policies for agent accountability. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and insurance.]
15145575, [I got my b   a in b   a from eiilm university   city higher secondary. As a Lab Technician Technical Support, I worked from April 2009 to March 2010. And my major duty is Comprehensive knowledge of CISCO networking technologies and Protocols.. Handling the network infrastructure LAN/WAN, migration & configuration of network Devices (Routers, Switches, Firewalls etc.).. Skilled in planning and implementing LAN/WAN solutions.. Configuring Routing protocols (RIP, EIGRP.. OSPF, Static and Default Route) Assisting in the design & implementation of the network and troubleshooting.. Troubleshooting Extending high-end technical support on various Servers and ensuring high customer satisfaction levels through prompt redressal of their problems.. Configuring and troubleshooting IP Phones, Network Printers and Virtual Interface (VMWare) related issues.. Assigning user nodes to various devices installed and networked, handle allocation and protection of user rights, as per company's policies.. Configuration and Maintaining LAN installing Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, FTP, TELNET,User profile, Remote Connectivity, Assigning IP Address, Managing Local and Domain User's Account, and sharing Permission, Terminal Services, Trusting, Software Deployment etc.. Configure windows server 2003 and 2008 with Active Directory ,Terminal Server  Group Policy and manage Data server with security.. SAP Basis Client GUI installation.. SAP Online Support System Backup and Recovery DR to HADR Data synchronization Monitoring.. User management Transaction Lock/Unlock User Authorization and Users Role Windows Servers Microsoft active directory services, Server 2003-2008, Configure Domain security policies, Local security policies Configure and manage File server and Share Folders.. Design: DNS and DHCP servers in 2003-2008 Server.. Configure and Manage Users profiles.. share folders and implementing group polices.. Configuration Microsoft Terminal services, RDP, and other remote access tools. I'm proficient at technical support, dissembling, and computer hardware.]
69097572, [I got my bachelor of arts in media arts and animation from art institute of san antonio. As a Multimedia Illustrator, I worked from July 2007 to July 2013. And my major duty is Trained in the use of tear gas and explosives.. Served as custodian of classified documents.. Prepared documents for destruction.. Operated and maintained communications equipment.. Performed as a fire team member during situational training exercises and all infantry dismounted battle drills.. Documented and processed classified materials.. Tracked personnel and supplies within the company.. Maintained 100% accountability of all assigned equipment worth more than $20,000.. Planned and briefed personnel on missions.. Constructed and camouflaged infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection.. Translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.. Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.. Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.. Generated new ideas with limited direction and varied internal client needs.. Presented projects to internal clients.. Generated computer graphics and page-layout software, graphic elements and photography.. Edited existing PowerPoint slides to enhance the corporate message.. Generated detailed specs of final designs.. Carefully proofread labels and sales materials prior to printing.. Created aesthetically-pleasing advertisements that complemented the products.. Researched current and emerging art and graphic design technologies. I'm proficient at leadership ability, advertisements, and evms.]
31064969, [I got my bachelors of arts and applied science in  from university of north texas. As a Network Operations Specialist, I worked from 09/2005 to 03/2006. And my major duty is Performed root cause analyses and monitored completion of remediation plans by business owners Provided FiOS quality assurance data and call calibrations for Managers and Directors Performed associate level ticket audits and quality observations for FiOS provisioning and repair/maintenance Collaborated with national/regional operations teams in the development of FiOS provisioning processes and procedures Facilitated associate level FiOS provisioning training Regularly reported to team Manager and department Director. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and network support.]
38707449, [I got my ma   human resources        webster university   city   state human resources ba   education in education from webster university. As a Employment Specialists, I worked from September 2004 to October 2007. And my major duty is Maintained and supported a workbench of 100-150 requisitions (exempt and non-exempt) within the southeast, and southwest areas of the country with a 30>60>90 TTF goal. Prepared and reviewed background and drug screens and processed offer acceptance. Drafted job descriptions and created new job classifications. Pre-screened job applicants, and coordinated weekly travel itineraries for applicant interviews. Performed employment, background and reference checks. Effectively coach hiring managers on applicant tracking in PeopleSoft I'm proficient at pp, brass peoplesoft, and outlook.]
57706851, [I got my bachelors of arts in bachelors of arts from delhi university. As a ServiceDesk Engineer and Floor Engineer, I worked from Jul 2008 to Nov 2008. And my major duty is As a member of the ServiceDesk Team Working on Global Helpdesk & Del-IT Mailbox.. Taking care of outages and interruptions-following up with NOC, Server and operations to minimize the outage impact on production.. Deal with all Win 7, XP Pro machines on Network.. Troubleshooting Client Based Applications (like Prolaw, Qlaw, Noble and GUI etc.) Troubleshoot issues related to VPN connectivity.. Providing first level support to end user through remote support (RDP, Microsoft Lync, and teamviewer).. Also working and helping other team members by providing 2nd level support on escalated issues.. Creating and disabling LAN, I series and noble ids for new hires and NLE's.. Create and modify Distribution Lists and Generic mailbox on Microsoft exchange mail server.. Monitoring server performance for latency issues and providing support to end users for resolving latency issues.. Working on internal and US Intranet for uploading and publish the company documents Working on I series application and noble application for group access, ID creation and password resetting.. Working remotely on file server to provide access of specific path or department folder.. As a part of SME team (Tier 2) assisting Level 1 analyst by taking up technical sessions and updating them with current update, new technology and process changed.. As a member of the Floor Support Team Participate in Floor activities in weekend.. Taking care of LAN ports with the help of network team and coordinating with the vendor Managing VC equipment's for connecting video conference.. Daily routine activity while working in morning shift like printer check, VC room check and internet café systems working fine and after end of the shift send the checklist of all activities on global mail id.. Worked as an IT helpdesk at client site Aricent Software Services wherein handled online technical queries of international customers support in all the skills PC (includes win 95, 98, ME, XP) and NT (includes win 2000 and NT.. Key Responsibilities and Technical Skill Set: Logging call related to IT query through Phone or Emails and coordinate with engineers for resolving the same with in the S.L.A.. Giving online support to china & U.S users over MSN through "Team Viewer" software.. Also taking care of compliance issue by filing incident and marked the mail to concerned person or department and follow the proper procedure from ticket opening to closing Manage IT inventory (Hardware and Software) and follow up with vendor calls also.I worked from Jan 2007 to Jul 2008. And my major duty is Worked as a Sr.. C.S.A as well as Allocator in an inbound process Xerox.. Where in handled online query of Xerox customers related to their Xerox machine not working and toner booking.. Following up with field engineer to get the update or status of call for any part change and punching the part detail in ORACLE (if required).. Key Responsibilities and Technical Skill Set: Logging call related product query & for toner booking in oracle.. Assigning call to engineer or warehouse and coordinate with engineer for the same.. Punching install report and inventory also handled sales call. I'm proficient at engineer, leadership, and enterprise.]
41152404, [I got my master of engineering studies   software engineering in high performance computing from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Test Engineer, And my major duty is Responsibilities:. Understanding of the Business requirement specifications and System requirement specifications.. Clear understanding of the user requirements.. Responsible for preparation of test data and writing Test Cases and executing them.. Responsible for developing the QTP scripts in Expert View for assigned test cases.. Writing functional and non-functional requirement test cases based of functional specification.. Participating in weekly team meetings and suggest improvements in testing process.. Preparation of daily and weekly status reports. USA Environment: Windows XP 2, SQL Server 2005, C# Testing Type: Automation Duration: Feb 2011 to Jun 2011 Description: The purpose of this project is to automate the activities of Insurance Management System i.e., a person or a customer without going to the insurance office manually he is able to see the policy details, policy amounts, policy premium dates, bonus details through online. This system is developed to maintain the database about the entire Insurance Organization details. The main advantage of this system is that customers can access it globally with an authorized User Id and Password and make the payments at any branch and also know their details at any branch. Banking Domain: Project Name: E-Banking System Testing Type: Manual Duration: Sep 2010- Feb 2011 Description: This Banking Software is developed for the wide range of banking spectrum, especially for savings account type customers. As this is a web application, the customers can access the system from anywhere with an authorized User-Id and password. Through this mode of operation the customers can save a lot of time and avoid risks. The user can perform different operations online like applying for checkbook, transfer funds, and view the details of the account. I'm proficient at insurance management, mobile operating system ios, and test cases.]
27710853, [I got my mba   finance in finance from mahatma gandhi university. As a Process Developer, I worked from July 2000 to September 2001. And my major duty is Making outbound collection calls.. Taking escalated calls.. Mentoring and on the floor training of new hires.. Updating dashboard.. Briefing new updates.. Sharing best practices.. Key Achievements: Got promoted in 12 months of joining.. Was awarded the "star of the month" award twice.. Had 11 Outstanding and Exceeding Expectation performances out of 13 AES scores. I'm proficient at program management service management client relationship management sales and solutioning, client engagement structuring and management, and transition management.]
15573418, [I got my bachelor of arts in pre   law from university of south florida. As a Director of Staff Development, And my major duty is 1.3 billion direct marketing and electronic retailing organization).. Reported to the CEO of HSC and then the SVP of Human Resources for HSN.. Responsible for all training and development for 7,000 associates and leaders at multiple locations throughout North America.. At the request of senior management, served in a variety of special assignments to include starting the customer service department at Canadian Home Shopping, Union avoidance within a distribution center, and turning around both a travel start-up, and an acquired reservation company.. Proactively developed a program to recruit and train older workers that produced a flexible workforce, increased sales, and reduced labor cost.. HSN received a Business Partnership Award and American Legion Employer of the Year Award. I'm proficient at technical support, consulting, and insurance.]
26829350, [I got my master of business administration in marketing from narmada college of science and commerce. As a Executive, I worked from January 2008 to January 2010. And my major duty is Work with Purchasing, Central Receiving, Vendors and Leads to resolve the invoicing discrepancies.. Communicate with Inventory/ Warehouse Receivers on correcting/reconciling Goods Receipt and Invoice Receipt discrepancies.. Processing of invoices and payment.. Interacting directly with the clients, customers, Ingram warehouse and carriers on regular basis through mail, calls and conference calls.. Coming up with process improvement plans and implementing the same.. Leading role in achieving SLA i.e., Bonus.. Awards in Infosys Sport award for delivering the responsibilities on time.. Client Appreciation letter for been a Team Player.. RAMP Award for exemplary performance for maintaining quality. I'm proficient at shared service, book, and processing of invoices.]
95625660, [I got my m   b   a   hr annamalai university   chidambaram annamalai university        b   b   a in computer technology from annamalai university   chidambaram annamalai university. As a Manager  - Customer, And my major duty is Creating Purchase Orders and Sales Invoices as per the requirement Preparing of Stock Statement on monthly basis Operating TALLY version 9 Creating and putting the journal & payment ledgers in tally VAT filing is done Preparing of MIS as per the organization. I'm proficient at supervising, negotiation, and wise.]
19362586, [I got my bachelor of science degree   telecommunications   marketing in telecommunications   marketing from texas tech university. As a BPO Support Analyst, And my major duty is Worked as an inside support help desk analyst for Freddie Mac's BPO software Provided phone and email support for BPO appraisers needing assistance uploading BPOs to bpodirect.com. ]
45077654, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from ashworth college. As a Claims Examiner, I worked from 07/2014 to 05/2015. And my major duty is ·  Worked as a Claims Examiner for client Kaiser Permanente Southern California.. ·   Responsible for data processing incoming Hospital UB's for Medicare/ KPSA Plan.. ·   Contract interpretation to validate proper payment logic for claim adjudication.. ·  Identify billing and coding errors and submit documentation to provider's if necessary for corrected claims forms to be sent in with the Medicare compliance guidelines.. ·  Adjudicate Replacement Bill Type , Late charge claims etc. accordingly per client's guidelines for processing. Proficient in Microsoft Word , Excel, Power point, Outlook, Internet Explorer, CMS Pricers, DRG Calculator, ICD-9, CPT, Basic Office Systems and variousweb applications. Precisely completed appropriate claims paperwork, documentation and system entry. Thoroughly researched newly identified diagnoses and/or medical procedures to expand skills and knowledge. Resourcefully used various coding books, procedure manuals and on-line encoders.. Actively maintained current working knowledge of CPT and ICD-9 coding principles, government regulation, protocols and third party requirements regarding billing. I'm proficient at hcpcs coding guidelines, icd international classification of disease systems, and as.]
87118391, [I got my communications in communications from west virginia state university. As a Passenger Service Agent, I worked from January 1995 to September 2007. And my major duty is h Communicated with customers daily h Committed to the assistance and support of others while maintaining a cheerful and helpful attitude h Trained in and maintained excellent interpersonal and communication skills that complement proven creative problem solving capabilities h Provided superior customer service and work quality while demonstrating attention to detail, flexibility and innovation in resolving problems.. Possess effective communications skills, and work well with others at all levels h Dealt tactfully and effectively with difficult customers h Experienced in both customer service and supervisory positions h Worked closely with the inflight, flight dispatch, maintenance, and customer service departments through the operations positon to meet the needs of the customers h Experienced in handling emergencies, flight delays, diversions, and other related incidents h Handled incoming and outgoing communications, aircraft flight guards, and initiated overdue actions h Handled time-sensitive freight, general goods, hazardous materials, and government shipments h Successfully completed civil aviation security course conducted by FAA h Assured flight safety during winter operations through deicing certification and training. I'm proficient at leadership, government, and supervisory.]
33578873, [I got my high school diploma      edmond north high school city   state business   marketing in business   marketing from oklahoma christian university. As a Sales, I worked from 04/2013 to now.And my major duty is Roofing sales position. Obtained customers who needed new roofs by cold calling. Created additional sales by asking for referrals I'm proficient at client relations, motivated, and success driven.]
27607632, [I got my bba   accounting in accounting from university of texas of the permian basin. As a AGENCY SUPPORT SPECIALIST, And my major duty is Rated all sales quotes including flood, home, and auto, motorcycle, boat,           & travel trailers through about seven different companies to see what rate           best fit customer's needs and wants.. Handled all escrowed accounts.. Sold auto, home, commercial policies through Nationwide, Progressive,           and Hartford to customers depending on there needs.. Performed cold           calling for internet leads.. Expertise in resolving escalated customer issues.. Handled all commercial auto & business calls for any insured needing a           certificate of liability or adding additional insured to policy.. Handled all accounts that were escrowed & verified all accounts. I'm proficient at closing, microsoft word, and selling.]
23760084, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from louisiana tech university. As a Store Manager, And my major duty is Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.. Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs.. Review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.. Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.. Direct the hiring, training, or performance evaluations of marketing or sales staff and oversee their daily activities.. Use sales forecasting or strategic planning to ensure the sale and profitability of products, lines, or services, analyzing business developments and monitoring market trends.. Consult with buying personnel to gain advice regarding the types of products or services expected to be in demand.. Select products or accessories to be displayed at trade or special production shows.. Serve as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.. Perform difficult staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firing employees, and administering disciplinary procedures.. Plan and conduct new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.. Identify staff vacancies and recruit, interview and select applicants.. Plan, direct, supervise, and coordinate work activities of subordinates and staff relating to employment, compensation, labor relations, and employee relations.. Represent organization at personnel-related hearings and investigations.. Provide current and prospective employees with information about policies, job duties, working conditions, wages, opportunities for promotion and employee benefits.. Analyze statistical data and reports to identify and determine causes of personnel problems and develop recommendations for improvement of organization's personnel policies and practices.. Prepare and follow budgets for personnel operations.. Prepare personnel forecast to project employment needs.. Develop, administer and evaluate applicant tests. I'm proficient at processes, market trends, and receiving.]
30083943, [I got my associate of applied science in associate of applied science from southwest tennessee community college. As a office clerk, I worked from 05/1975 to now.And my major duty is airman of the month. honorable discharge I'm proficient at iv drug therapy management, sterilization techniques mastery, and or and er experience.]
20552814, [I got my high school in honors from fccla. As a Housekeeping, I worked from 05/2012 to Current. And my major duty is Cleaned rooms to the satisfaction of all clients.. Safely operated equipment such as vacuum cleaners, floor buffers and carpet machines.. Cleaned and maintained bathrooms and showers and swept and mopped floors.. Traveled to and from work sites in a timely manner.. Dusted furniture, walls, machines and equipment.. Dusted and mopped all hard surfaces.. Gathered and emptied trash and recycling bins.. Polished furniture and metal fixtures.. Managed quality communication, customer support and product representation for each client.. Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency call-outs. I'm proficient at computer literate customer service, cash management, and communication skills.]
40987524, [I got my bachelor of arts in religion   psychology from charleston southern university. As a Department Manager, I worked from 01/1993 to now.And my major duty is Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.. Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands.. Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints.. Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. I'm proficient at planning, internet sales, and receiving.]
29134721, [I got my business in business from buckingham county high school. As a Training Director/Business Consultant, And my major duty is Lead business and workflow consultant.. Director of Training for 8 traveling trainers, managing technical and non-technical training projects.. Developed coursework for various learning environments to include classroom, individual, and onsite.. Managed day to day training needs of 33 local DSS agencies and 8 traveling EZ-Filer trainers.. Developed various versions of User's manual to accommodate multiple versions of EZ-Filer software.. Utilized various training techniques to accommodate various user learning levels, medically and physically challenged users.. Road Warrior, 100% travel Major contributor to the development of Long Term Care, Auxiliary Grant and State and Local Hospitalization applications Conceived and modeled the following software functions for EZ-Filer product; Reporting, Case To Do List, Worker Tasks, and Case Summary, making the product more competitive and functional.. Install hardware such as PC's, Scanners, printers, Signature pads, Assisted in company's marketing events Trained Voice Recognition software, Dragon Naturally Speaking 7.0.. Expertise in interpreting Local, State and Federal program policies.. Workflow specialist, created business process for the Medicaid "Smart Card" concept.. Maintained inventory control for technical and non-technical supplies for Ez-Filer training staff. I'm proficient at data warehouse, business process, and curriculum development.]
18062906, [I got my bachelor of science degree   sport management in sport management from culver stockton college. As a Courtesy Clerk, I worked from January 2008 to now.And my major duty is maintained a neat and well organized area ·Product orginization and stocked new products as needed ·Responsibile for customer satisfaction. I'm proficient at direction, receiving, and neat.]
29399491, [I got my associate of arts in accounting   finance and statistics from miami dade college. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from 06/2013 to 06/2014. And my major duty is Answered an average of. 200. calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new information.. Earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing theater.. Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.. Assisted customers with food selection, inquiries and order customization requests.. Developed reputation as an efficient service provider with high levels of accuracy.. Designed displays to make the theater experience interactive, engaging and reassuring. I'm proficient at organized, presenting, and strong client relations.]
19473948, [I got my high school diploma in high school from gateway high school. As a Office Clerk, I worked from Jan 2012 to Jan 2013. And my major duty is Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain information, take orders, and address complaints.. Answer telephones, direct calls, and take messages.. Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities.. Handled incoming and outgoing correspondence, including mail, email and faxes.. Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers.. Compute, record and proofread data and other information, such as records.. Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a compute.. Open, sort, and route incoming mail, and prepare outgoing mail.. Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.. Deliver messages and run errands.. Inventory and other materials, supplies, and services.. Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.. Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.. Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.. Typed documents, updated websites and compiled information for meetings.. Conducted extensive online and phone research. I'm proficient at phone etiquette, websites, and telephones.]
71772815, [I got my high school diploma in high school from gateway high school. As a Office Clerk, I worked from Jan 2012 to Jan 2013. And my major duty is Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain information, take orders, and address complaints.. Answer telephones, direct calls, and take messages.. Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities.. Handled incoming and outgoing correspondence, including mail, email and faxes.. Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers.. Compute, record and proofread data and other information, such as records.. Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a compute.. Open, sort, and route incoming mail, and prepare outgoing mail.. Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.. Deliver messages and run errands.. Inventory andother materials, supplies, and services.. Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.. Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.. Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.. Typed documents, updated websites and compiled information for meetings.. Conducted extensive online and phone research. I'm proficient at phone etiquette, websites, and telephones.]
15765660, [I got my bachelor of science   marketing in marketing from california state university northridge. As a Channel Sales Account Manager, North-West Territory, I worked from January 1995 to January 1998.  I'm proficient at sharepoint, citrix, and teamsite cms.]
29184740, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from georgia state university. As a Chief/Volunteer, I worked from 01/1990 to 01/1992. And my major duty is Managed and trained a volunteer force of 30 firefighters within POST certification training guidelines.. Maintained two Fire stations.. Petitioned Mayor and City Council for funding for training and equipment and executed funding events. Worked with insurance companies regarding billing and Arson Investigation training.. I have maintained my Class B license. I'm proficient at sales, internet and social media saavy, and awareness of client needs interests as well as upper ideas for development and management goals.]
17781039, [I got my high school diploma   general studies automotive technology in general studies automotive technology from universal technical institute. As a Correctional Officer, I worked from 01/2003 to 10/2009. And my major duty is Maintain security within the institution and oversee the health and safety of staff and prisoners.. Patrol and inspect units, yards, buildings, prisoners, prisoner property and clothing, etc, to ensure the welfare, safety and security.. Maintain surveillance of grounds by foot and from vehicle.. Perform inspections and searches of premises and cells, checking for contraband and compliance with regulations.. Conduct searches of prisoners and visitors.. Observe prisoners directly and indirectly through visual, audio and video monitoring, to ensure the physical safety of prisoners, staff and the public.. Monitor radio transmissions between staff in order to respond immediately to calls for security support as needed.. Provide escort and security for visitors.. Comply with and enforce security procedures for equipment and supplies.. Operate control room, monitor gates, cameras, alarms, and video terminals.. Enforce institutional rules and Standard Operation Procedures (SOP).. Initiate segregation or disciplinary procedures, and perform enforcement activities in compliance with Department Policies.. Explain rules and procedures of the facility to (individual/group) prisoners so they understand the expectations and consequences.. Supervise prisoners to maintain general order in daily activities, work assignments and programming.. Monitor inmate phones, mail , etc.. Apply the appropriate level of force in accordance with policies, ranging from verbal warnings and physical presence through the use of soft and.. hard restraints and in extreme cases deadly force.. Maintain order and discipline in dormitories, shops, work details, and recreational activities; report infractions of rules, handle unruly and violent prisoners using minimum necessary force.. Perform head counts of prisoners and confirm each inmate's identity when conducting a facility count.. Compile data for necessary written incident and other required.. reports.. Stabilize and provide backup in emergency situations for the protection of the public, staff and prisoners in situations such as aggressive behavior, fights, riots or other disruptive behavior, escape attempts, fires, accidents and medical emergencies. I'm proficient at event management and promotion, strong negotiation skills, and team building and team leadership.]
19147947, [I got my high school in football and basketball from prairie view a   m university. As a Truck Loader/Case Pack/ Re-Pack, I worked from August 2006 to September 2007. And my major duty is Average 45-50 hours weekly/ $16.00 per hour. Implemented strategic shipping policies to achieve long and short-term sales targets.. Inspected product load for accuracy and safely transported it around the warehouse.. Loaded trucks proficiently and accurately. Cross trained in several different departments. Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.. Transported goods from racks, shelves and vehicles.. Followed proper selection procedures as established by the company.. Worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines. I'm proficient at years of warehouse, distribution, and dependable.]
18328743, [I got my management training programs at florida state   dudley m   hughes   macon   georgia may          jul          graduated   years of accounting and bookkeeping in accounting and bookkeeping from florida state   dudley m   hughes   macon   georgia may          jul          graduated   years of accounting and bookkeeping               management training programs at florida state university. As a Key Account Sales Representative, I worked from February 1972 to March 1996. And my major duty is Promote and market Sunnyland products in Georgia, South Carolina, And Florida.. Received.. company's highest sales award 1974,1978,1983,1985,and 1988. I'm proficient at sales, literate, and as.]
37540732, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from the military college of south carolina. As a Sales Representative, I worked from January 1997 to January 2009. And my major duty is Market, promote and develop outside and counter sales of high-end plumbing, electrical and lighting fixtures to architects, commercial contractors/residential builders in the Charleston Trident area.. Setup new client accounts for billing purposes; write and submit orders to manufacturers; coordinate delivery schedules; provide follow-up customer service; and resolve customer billing issues.. Assist walk-in customers with their inquiries/selections, including researching special order requests, setting up new accounts and registering customers' sales purchases and payment transactions.. Participate (team effort) in merchandising visual displays and maintaining 8,000 sq/ft of showroom (point of sale) spaces for kitchen, bath, electrical/plumbing products, including major appliances.. Establish relationships, educate, service, maintain and manage approximately 50-60 accounts.. Receive ongoing training in all phases of business operations, including product lines, marketing and sales techniques, showroom merchandising, customer service and distribution support efforts.. Contributed in developing sales revenue in excess of $20.4 million for 2006 FY, a 29.4%. Consistently ranked #1/#2 in sales and gross dollar profitability for the branch, and ranked in "top5%" for corporate sales performance (out of 600+ sales reps, nationwide). I'm proficient at corporate sales, leads, and new account.]
30608780, [I got my high school diploma in high school from wingo high. As a Senior sales executive Wholesale Buyer, And my major duty is Tracked client's through personal and company databases Set personal Milestones and Goals and accomplished them Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.. Handled Fleet bids for Municipalities, Counties and State.. Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications.. Acquired out of stock vehicles by using dealer exchange techniques Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.. Prepared , Mailed correspondence, and followed up with clients Executed outbound calls to existing customer base resulting in referrals and increased sales Assisted management with Walk-around and product presentations for training purposes Valeted clients vehicles for service Maintained company vehicle Promoted to Used Car Manager: Hired, trained and maintained sales people Set departmental projections Prepared advertising for local and military newspapers Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.. Turned wholesale losses into wholesale profits Increased used car sales by planning and executing training Appraised incoming trade ins Work sales desk with sales people and new car department manager Stocked in all incoming used vehicles, to include pulling "carfax" or "autocheck" reports Processed all inventory through service and detail departments Established relationships with local wholesalers and other Franchise dealers to purchase stock units and dispose of unwanted inventory Attended Auto Auctions to purchase inventory and dispose of unwanted units Switched to Backed by Dealer Principle as independent wholesaler Helped dealer dispose of and track overage units Bought and sold units for Company through wholesale and Auction sources Bought and sold units to numerous other franchise and independent dealers. I'm proficient at finance, sales manager, and websites.]
15918496, [I got my bachelors degree   education in education from hyles anderson college city. As a Asst. Testing Administrator/Youth Opportunity Asst, I worked from 09/1998 to now.And my major duty is Maintained regularly-scheduled office hours to advise and assist students.. Established course websites to make updated handouts and other resources available to students at all times.. Proctored exams of all kinds.. Introduced students to the concepts of college writing. I'm proficient at reliable, self motivated, and enthusiastic people person.]
16223371, [I got my business in business from truckee meadows community college city. As a Cashier/ Customer Services, I worked from 01/2006 to now.And my major duty is Responsibilities Customer service.. Meet & exceed sales goals.. Help customer find solutions for his/her business or home.. Re-stock and clean front end at the end of shift. I'm proficient at assertive, leadership result oriented and goals achiever, and bi lingual.]
79376680, [I got my ba   business communications in business communications from chestnut hill. As a Staffing Coordinator, I worked from 01/2004 to now.And my major duty is Conducted interviews and administered drug tests for new applicants.. Matched the skills of on staff workers with the appropriate job that clients needed.. Marketing/advertising through mass mailings and faxes.. Executed payroll duties at the end of pay period. I'm proficient at inventory management, receiving, and inside sales.]
36904300, [I got my high school diploma   general   business studies      miami coral park   city   state   us        graduated with high school diploma   general   business studies in general   business studies from srn high. As a Bank Teller, I worked from Feb 1991 to Aug 1993. And my major duty is A bank teller is one of the most important profiles in a banking institution, a front line executive, and often the first person who is approached by the customers. Multitasking is a must. Responsibilities include cash/currency handling, check cashing, taking deposits & withdrawals, all with maintained balancing record of 100% accuracy rate. All errors had to be found, corrected and reconciled before end of day. Using good communication and listening skills to provide excellent customer service Rapidly and efficiently prepared customer and ATM cash and change orders at counter as well as busy drive-thru window. Organized, stocked and maintained the teller window area. Processed quarterly Vault and ATM audits with a zero error rate. Collected member loan payments. Sold cashier's checks, traveler's checks and money orders. Answered telephone inquiries on banking products including checking, savings, loans and lines of credit. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions. Maintains records, sales referrals for accounts as well as spotting scams. Also spent some time as a floating teller which created diversity and confidence traveling to different locations with different customers, new faces to learn and work with.. REASON FOR LEAVING. I was recruited, offered and accepted better job opportunity with Squires Homes I'm proficient at phone etiquette, incoming calls, and staffing.]
10724818, [I got my anthropology in linguistics from hunter college. As a Supervisor, I worked from June 2006 to February 2011. And my major duty is Oversaw  staff  ranging  from  2-10  employees  per  shift Observed  established  trends  to  market  purposefully,  divided  sales  into micro-segments,  in  order  to  increase  RTD  sales Utilized  revenue  data along  with  environmental  factors  as  primary  source  of  research  based  upon direct  contact  with  consumers. I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, critical thinking, and travel arrangements.]
26994282, [I got my bachelor of arts   broadcast communication in broadcast communication from geneva college. As a Plumber, And my major duty is Full time service and repair plumber for residential and commercial sites Developed and implemented a successful contract platform Research and implemented their leak detection unit Built and fostered a strong relationship with the Sacramento area restaurant community Safety Officer for THE Plumbing Company, conducting weekly safety meetings and review Developed and taught plumbing code classes to new and seasoned employees Specialized in replacing restaurant waste-drain vent systems while keeping business open Eliminated risks by correctly identifying potential safety hazards.. Interpreted blueprints to determine locations, quantities and sizes of materials required.. Expanded trade knowledge by networking with colleagues and participating in courses and seminars.. Read blueprints to determine appropriate materials and procedures for each project.. Managed job site hazards by accurately locating biohazards, low-grade radiation and chemicals.. Independently worked on projects, while offering process coordination and cooperation with other teams.. Complied with all local plumbing codes throughout the duration of each project.. Inspected structures to avoid any obstruction and delays throughout the project.. Prepared detailed records of all project tasks from start to finish.. Offered guidance and training to junior team members. I'm proficient at plumbing, direction, and layout.]
20819838, [I got my office operations management in office operations management from lansdale school of business. As a Owner , Manager, I worked from January 2005 to January 2008. And my major duty is Responsible for daily operations of 100 seat restaurant Responsible for hiring/ firing of all employees Maintained daily/ weekly schedules Daily inventory of kitchen and bar supplies Oversaw all catering events Created business plan and marketing strategies Advertised Designed restaurant and menu Built client base. I'm proficient at sales, sales manager, and direction.]
16511249, [I got my  in history and american foreign policy from skyline college. As a Line cook, And my major duty is Line cook I'm proficient at leadership, cpr, and report writing and documentation.]
36074301, [I got my general education   communications in general education   communications from long beach city college. As a Retail Sales Representative, I worked from December 1999 to December 2002. And my major duty is Multiple Awards for Sales Excellence, Customer Service and Top Sales Producer,.. Recommended wireless solutions to new and existing accounts. Provided training to new accounts, new customers including sales training for new employees. I'm proficient at account management, bilingual, and customer service.]
27624540, [I got my bachelor of business administration   international business in international business from university of the incarnate word. As a Cashier, I worked from January 2006 to January 2007. And my major duty is Commercial Retail.. Six months experience as a cashier in addition to helping close the registers in the evening at Bed Bath and Beyond, at 11745 W IH-10, San Antonio, TX 78230.. Additional duties included customer support by providing information on various products and helping customers make a decision on their purchases.. Assisted with the balancing and closing of the registers at the end of the night. I'm proficient at posses the interpersonal skills required to solve conflict within members of the organization, highly effective leader in extreme situations as well as normal conditions posses the ability to place the correct personnel with the appropriate skills on a project, and posses years of multi unit operations experience with personnel in various circumstances.]
20423658, [I got my organizational leadership   learning in political science   history from university of louisville. As a Airman; United States Air Force, And my major duty is Used time in service to develop leadership & organizational skills. Developed a habit of exceeding/leading in a position by always learning about the skills/responsibilities of the person above me and the person below me in order to keep continuity/consistency in results/duties should we lose a team member. Led & trained other members/airmen in multiple areas. Was tested and selected for proficiency in foreign languages ]
98509238, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from east carolina university. As a Regional Training Coordinator, I worked from 06/1980 to now.And my major duty is Facilitated three day workshops for all new hires. Identified, developing and facilitated training for the Sales and Business Area Representatives I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, acrobat pro, and s k cis billing.]
25810233, [I got my mba in business administration   marketing from university of arkansas city. As a Remote Senior Buyer in Fayetteville, AR, I worked from 08/2015 to now.And my major duty is Searching for New and exciting products and reaching out to designers and manufacturers to establish partnerships.  Pitching brand vendors to work with Touch of Modern and establish new relationships.  Managing dozens of accounts while simultaneously continuing to build new ones.  Planning sales andselecting the final products for sales events. Negotiating pricing and terms. I'm proficient at book, websites, and sales management.]
15273850, [I got my high school diploma in high school from northwood high school. As a Box Office Manager, I worked from 01/2003 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Managed all aspects of ticket sales.. Maintained data base of all season ticket holders, answered         multi-line phones, and kept an inventory of all supplies.. Organized volunteers to work in the box office to help with       ticket sales for concerts. I'm proficient at sales, customer service, and office.]
26932091, [As a Quality Analyst/Special Projects/Repair Representative, I worked from 06/2001 to 10/2005. And my major duty is 06/2003-10/2005 - Quality Analyst. Audited all orders coming from inside and outside sales offices to ensure customer satisfaction.  Exceeded set quota for weekly audits by 200%.  Helped create and maintain reporting guidelines for all implemented audits.  Revised and formatted definitions to better enable us to accurately audit reps.  Able to audit and/or provision on all platforms utilized by Birch Telecom.  Created documentation for new processes to distribute throughout the company. 09/2002-06/2003 - Install/Special Projects Specialist. Created local service requests to install new Pots lines for existing Birch customers.  Statused customers on the progress of their order.  Successfully cleared out my queue to prevent the ETTR from running out on install orders by providing good customer service.  Exceeded daily quota 90% of days worked.  Received 100% on quality audits on 99% of orders graded.  Worked all Complex MAC manual orders, ex. Loop to ground, Trunk to Pots.  Researched and corrected all service address inconsistencies regarding to new install orders by issuing manual records updates. 06/2001-09/2002 - Repair Operations Representative. Received inbound customer repair issues.  Used troubleshooting skills and testing system to determine correct fix agents.  Worked back office tickets by statusing end users, clearing and closing tickets, and further troubleshooting if necessary.  Relayed information to the ILECs pertaining to trouble reports.  Took call takeovers in the evenings for irate customers I'm proficient at and leads teams in business growth through operational excellence, leadership, and enterprise.]
13812481, [I got my associate of arts and science in associate of arts and science from wenatchee valley college. As a Library Volunteer, I worked from 01/2017 to 06/2017. And my major duty is Checked in, checked out and renewed library materials.. Located requested books on the shelves and in the library database.. Sorted and shelved donated collections as needed.. Cleaned and organized the shelves and display cases, including the checkout desk.. Welcomed customers into the library and helped them locate items.. Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including cleaning and updating library's website.. Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities. I'm proficient at self motivated, creative, and dependable and reliable.]
55477468, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from the university of new mexico. As a Front Desk and Office Assistant, And my major duty is Greet and check in students.. Sign students up for classes and enter in students' information.. Provide advice to customers regarding particular products or services.. Advise customers on utilization and care of merchandise.. Assist in display and promotion of merchandise Maintain sales records.. Receive payments for classes and/or yoga merchandise through cash, cheque, and credit card.. Maintain and manage the calendar.. File liability waivers and maintain digital records.. Collect, sort, distribute, or prepare mail and messages for the studio owner.. Help to promote the studio in print and at onsite events.. Perform duties such as cleaning the floors, mats, lobby, and office area. I'm proficient at organize files, sales, and office.]
15973307, [I got my national college prep scholar in college prep from columbia university. As a Intern, I worked from 06/2015 to 12/2015. And my major duty is Educated several native communities on healthcare benefits.. Cooperated with fellow interns at community-based events to create and execute company goals.. Approached and interacted with individuals to discuss healthcare options. I'm proficient at critical thinking, goal setting and implementation, and teamwork skills.]
22047665, [I got my business management in business management from century business college. As a Pharmacy Assistant /Clerk, And my major duty is Assessed customer needs and responded to questions,. communicated directly with doctors offices via telephone, fax and email,. provided friendly customer service at prescription drop-off and pick-up counters,. worked closely with pharmacists and used medication input software to safely and accurately dispense medication,. entered prescription and insurance billing information into patient profiles,. verified patient data and billing information. I'm proficient at cash handling, multi tasking, and key by touch.]
69155584, [I got my business management in business management from black hills state university. As a Waitstaff, And my major duty is Generated top sales ($2000+ per evening) by marketing nightly specials during high volume days (Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays). Trained new server staff brand operations, restaurant compliance and customer expectations. One of two head trainers.. Successfully promoted additional drink and menu items to guests to increase product sales.. Educated existing employees when new standards were rolled out.. Assured customer happiness through friendly, competent service. Ensure servers have performed end of night duties accurately. I'm proficient at retains information with ease, customer service oriented, and persuasive communicator.]
30529547, [I got my associate of arts in makeup   cosmetology from tint school of makeup   cosmetology. As a Team Member, I worked from Jan 2015 to Dec 2015. And my major duty is Train workers in skills such as taking orders, communication,            Observe and influence guest behavior, communicating and            interacting with them.. Primarily serve and prepare food for customers           Cleaning work stations and answering questions about menu            items, policies, and services. I'm proficient at technician, critical thinking, and facsimile machine.]
23296286, [I got my associate of science in associate of science from south piedmont community college. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.. Assisted customers with store and product complaints.. Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.. Processed merchandise returns and exchanges. I'm proficient at good communication skills, customer service, and works well under pressure.]
10603337, [I got my high school diploma in high school from borough of manhattan community college. As a Museum Intern, And my major duty is Describe tour points of interest to group members, and respond to questions.. Provide directions and other pertinent information to visitors.. Research various topics, including site history, environmental conditions, and clients' skills and abilities to plan.. appropriate expeditions, instruction, and commentary. I'm proficient at research, transmission, and sales.]
22319662, [I got my social science   hospitality in social science   hospitality from ashford university. As a Lead Concierge, I worked from Jun 2012 to Sep 2014. And my major duty is Delivered superior customer service to residents and guests.. Managed and resolve customer complaints.. Created and manage monthly community calendar.. Supervised and train concierge staff.. Handled resident packages.. Managed resident reservations . I'm proficient at powerpoint, bridge mgs application and reports, and birchstreet.]
15581242, [I got my bachelor of science   biology in biology from university of houston. As a Lab Assistant, I worked from September 2013 to January 2014. And my major duty is Maintained highly detailed records of all procedures, methods, and materials utilized on specimens.. Demonstrated leadership skills while coordinating a diverse team tasked with independent asssignments.. Technical skills manipulating sensitive model organisms, hazardous materials, and fine tuned equipment. I'm proficient at motivated and self driven business acumen, held leadership roles within university community organizations, and staff mentoring and development.]
90682785, [I got my bakersfield college in bakersfield college from bakersfield college. As a Field Worker, I worked from 01/2012 to now.And my major duty is Trim and remove leaves of grapes, pick grapes, and also picked blueberries. I'm proficient at negotiation, rapport, and sales.]
98108571, [I got my  in communication arts   graphic   advertising design from edward r   murrow high school. As a Waitress, And my major duty is Waited on customers and cleaned necessary thing as instructed.. Assisted in the preparation of some dishes. I'm proficient at i can use a computer very welland can use photoshop and illustrator.]
12351749, [I got my master of science in finance from university of houston   city. As a Recruiter, I worked from Feb 2007 to Oct 2014. And my major duty is Developed creative recruiting strategies that met small to mid-sized broker dealer           staffing needs.. Managed all aspects of advisor transition cycle, from initial set to on boarding.. Served as link between broker dealer and advisor by handling questions, interpreting           contracts, and resolving transition issues.. Memberships/Scholarly Societies           University of Houston- Downtown Analytics Society. I'm proficient at excellent research skills business systems analysis, finance, and excel advanced excel modeling.]
39581020, [I got my high school diploma in high school from eric fisher academy. As a Key Holder, And my major duty is Displayed pieces in visually appealing manner.. Answered phones with professionalism.. Described merchandise and services to customers.. Answered questions and resolved concerns.. Responded to safety and loss prevention incidents.. Organized in-store promotional events.. Maintained store in clean and neat manner. I'm proficient at sales, window, and problem solving skills.]
14267489, [I got my medical assistant in sociology from college of health care professions. As a Clerk II, And my major duty is Created, organized and maintained files, daily case notes and electronic databases.. Organized office schedules and maintained relationships with necessary agency contacts.. Facilitated cognitive behavioral programs with offenders in a group setting.. Performs routine clerical work.. Work involves compiling and tabulating data; checking documents for accuracy; transporting documents; and maintaining files.. Works under moderate supervision with limited latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.. II.. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS A.. Sorts, opens, inspects, and scans offender correspondence; and sorts and delivers unit departmental and offender mail.. B.. Assists in preparing forms related to offender correspondence processing and mail room operations; maintains records and files; and moves boxes and mail bags.. C.. Answers inquiries regarding routine mail room procedures; and maintains contact with the United States Postal Service personnel and private mail carriers.. D.. Issues postage and writing materials to indigent offenders and offenders on commissary restriction; performs data entry and retrieval; and maintains automated data regarding postage and supplies. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, forms, and closing.]
25839123, [I got my high school diploma manchester central high school   city   state sociology and justice studies in sociology and justice studies from university of new hampshire. As a Food Prep, And my major duty is Responsible for the production and plating of desserts.. Ensured freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality, keeping track of old and new items, and rotating stock.. Helped with preparation, set-up, and service for catering events.. Spoke with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service.. Prepared food items. I'm proficient at fast, customer service, and inventory control.]
31454430, [I got my associate of arts in political science from chabot college   political science. As a Cashier, I worked from 05/2013 to 11/2014. And my major duty is Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic      debits.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that      amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or      policies.. Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this      with total sales.. Weigh items sold by weight to determine prices. I'm proficient at sales, english, and money.]
18368613, [I got my b   b   a in business management management information systems from florida atlantic university. I have no experiences. I'm proficient at sales, marketing, and sales reports.]
51349448, [I got my fine art in fine art from santa rosa junior college. As a Maintenance chief, And my major duty is In charge of  the daily Maintenance operation of preventive and corrective services for all of Alameda's/Hawaii Amphibious equipment. Record keeping of twenty 55 horse outboard engines.. Managed 9 people to effectively implement their positions I'm proficient at logos and web sites, sound knowledge of the advance technologies and designing techniques, and organize and manage the projects.]
17509935, [I got my cosmotology in cosmotology from cosmotology heiritage college of beauty. As a Manager, And my major duty is Built schedules, set goals, inventory, cash handling, over seen a group of people, customer service, employee services. In the six years I grew the salon with a 150% increase in customer counts as well as 30% sales growth, we meet and overcame several goals including topping the chart for top salon in the state of Utah.. ​ I'm proficient at i also took a couple of seminars on problem solving in the work place which extended from staffing, i have has some extended classes in interviewing and hiring of staff as well as goal setting and the follow through with staff as well as with the store over years of experience with not only the building of a schedule but also the maintaining of one, and i am very good with encouraging the staff to set high expectations for themselves as well as helping them to achieve the goals.]
21595057, [I got my  in varina from varina high school. As a Cashier / Drive Thru Operator, I worked from 08/2014 to now.And my major duty is Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations.. Consistently provided friendly guest service and heartfelt hospitality.. Promptly and empathetically handled guest concerns and complaints.. Demonstrated integrity and honesty while interacting with guests, team members and managers.. Operated the drive-through window and sales register quickly and efficiently.. Greeted customers and provided excellent customer service.. Pleasantly and courteously interacted with customers.. Built loyal clientele through friendly interactions and consistent appreciation.. Prepared fountain drinks and ice cream items.. Prepared all food orders within a 2-3 minute time frame.. Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control.. Verified that prepared food met all standards for quality and quantity.. Prepared a variety of foods according to customers' orders or supervisors' instructions, following approved     procedures. I'm proficient at telephones, sales, and meal preparation.]
12696104, [I got my high school diploma in high school from suffolk county community college. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Organize shelves and racks/inventory.. Work the register.. Answer calls.. Interact with customers. I'm proficient at good at communicating and interacting with customers, good time management, and self motivation.]
34303500, [I got my bachelor of science   leadership   cultural studies in international business from bachelor of science   leadership   cultural studies. As a Receptionist, I worked from 09/2008 to now.And my major duty is Handled incoming and outgoing correspondence, including mail, email and faxes.. Screened telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.. Devised and maintained office systems to efficiently deal with paper flow.. Organized personal and professional calendars and supplied reminders of upcoming meetings and events.. Created expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.. Typed documents, updated websites and compiled information for meetings.. Conducted extensive online and phone research.. Attended business meetings and took meeting minutes.. ​ I'm proficient at negotiation, microsoft excel, and customer satisfaction.]
10898339, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from clackamas community college. As a Handyman, I worked from January 2009 to July 2016. And my major duty is Handyman Services including-. Window/gutter cleaning. Power washing/staining decks. Power washing houses. Painting Repairing (from little tasks like screens and windows to larger tasks like a basement.). Snow Plowing. I'm proficient at solid communication skills, jack of all trades can perform all typesof handiwork and any task necessary, and strong work ethic.]
25315791, [I got my high school diploma in high school from charles churn christian academy. As a Sales Associate/ Customer Representative, I worked from 10/2010 to 02/2011. And my major duty is Ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging every customer.. Maintain an awareness of all promotions and advertisements.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers. I'm proficient at advertisements, market and sales, and scanners.]
36621169, [I got my bachelor of science in fashion merchandising management from fashion institute of technology   state university of new york. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Sales associate in a fast paced, highly trafficked retail store.. Regularly managed several responsibilities at once (such as answering phone calls, cashiering, and organizing fitting room lines).. Responsible for managing floor inventory and restocking merchandise.. Regularly managed visual merchandising of  in-store displays during overnight shifts. I'm proficient at ronlynn apparel software, and snapchat, and adobe creative suite.]
17378327, [I got my bachelors degree   biology in biology from dillard university. As a Analyst, And my major duty is Instituted system to manage subscribers' accounts for receipt of eclectic journals.. Did investigative work to locate publishers for delinquent shipments or missing issues.. Researched subscribers' original orders to verify correct payment sent to and received by publisher. I'm proficient at phone, sales, and communication skills.]
33236701, [I got my plantation high school in plantation high school from plantation high school. As a Crew Member/ Assistant, I worked from 01/2013 to now.And my major duty is Organize desks and work areas.. Inventory. Cut lawns, trim hedges, Blower work. Filing work and setting appointments. Using computer programming Excel to input management information. Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.. Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses.. Maintained up-to-date knowledge of customer buying habits. I'm proficient at meeting retail goals efficiently, cashier, and people skills.]
29211919, [I got my general education studies in general education studies from del sol high school. As a Explorer, I worked from 06/2008 to 03/2011. And my major duty is Answered telephones, directed calls and took messages.. Compiled, copied, sorted, and filed records of office and other activities.. Operated office machines, such as photocopier, scanners, fax, voice mail systems and personal computers.. Computed, recorded, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports.. Maintained and updated filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a computer.. Opened, sorted and routed incoming mail, answered correspondence, and prepared outgoing mail.. Reviewed files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests. I'm proficient at leadership, mathematics, and time management.]
16121015, [I got my ged in ged from stanhope elmore high school. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 01/2011 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Use computers for various applications, such as database management or word processing.. Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.. Greet customers entering establishments.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.. Sell tickets and other items to customers.. Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.. Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately.. Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items.. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.. Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins.. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.. Request information or assistance using paging systems.. Compute and record totals of transactions.. Compile and maintain non-monetary reports and records.. Offer customers carry-out service at the completion of transactions.. Recommend products to customers, based on customers' needs and interests.. Answer customers' questions about products, prices, availability, product uses, and credit terms.. Train customers' employees to operate and maintain new equipment.. Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.. Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise.. Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise, referring to price list.. Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise.. Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.. Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote sales. I'm proficient at negotiation, speaking, and judgement and decision making.]
19582792, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma      nelson county high school from nelson county high school. As a Manager, I worked from Feb 2004 to Jan 2009. And my major duty is Developed and operated four assisted living locations Obtained and maintained annual state certifications and supervised all security transportation and monitoring needs Managed day to day facility operations and admissions and coordinated daily services including nursing, dining, housekeeping, activities and maintenance functions Coordinated new resident move-ins and orientation and supported the admission process through tours and follow up calls to inquiries Project Management Monitored budget compliance and financial outcomes including labor and operational expenses and accounts receivable resolution Responsible for payroll oversight and related approvals Oversaw accuracy and thoroughness of all activity documentation within the assisted living facility Kept current on all changes in the industry, particularly regulatory changes as they relate to Assisted Living and Dementia Care General Management Supervised the assisted living staff including caregivers, medication technicians, licensed nurses and activities staff Responsible for recruiting and onboarding of staff and all human resources duties for employees Planned, directed and facilitated marketing events for all facilities Conducted outside sales calls to generate inquiries ACHIEVEMENTS Featured in Space Safety Magazine Integrated lifesaving technologies originally developed to purify air for astronauts into a line of Mine Shield products Integral part of Mine Shields getting recognized as "New Business of the Year" Mine Shield tested for and received certification in China under my direction. I'm proficient at supervising, six sigma, and strong organizational skills.]
13348915, [I got my associate of science in general studies general studies from manchester community college city. As a Pick Pack, And my major duty is Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.. Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.. Reported inventory balances and cycle counts in both the ERP and WMS systems.. Oversaw warehousing and storage practices and housekeeping. I'm proficient at listening, staffing, and closing.]
59422148, [I got my bachelor of science in communications from east carolina university. As a Sports Marketing Intern, I worked from 08/2005 to now.And my major duty is As an intern with UNCW's sports marketing department I was able to combine my business acumen and love of college sports into a fulfilling experience.. I worked with a team of individuals to develop and execute several high profile events that are still in existence today.. Assisted in the development of Midnight Madness, the University's largest sporting event Collaborated with other department members to develop and maintain a successful sports loyalty program known as Team Teal Handled promotions and activities at various sporting events Responsible for opening and preparing the Seahawk shop for daily sales and customer satisfaction. I'm proficient at leadership, marketing strategy, and processes.]
10138632, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma   general pennsauken high school from general pennsauken high school. As a Wholesale Food Supplier, And my major duty is Sell and keep records of sales for products from truck inventory.. Maintain records, such as vehicle logs, records of cargo, or billing statements, in accordance with regulations.. Drive vehicles with capacities under three tons to transport materials to and from specified destinations, such as railroad stations, plants, residences, offices, or within industrial yards.. Wrap, weigh, label and price cuts of meat.. Prepare special cuts of meat ordered by customers.. Cut, trim, bone, tie, and grind meats, such as beef, pork, poultry to prepare meat in cooking form.. Total sales, and collect money from customers.. Use knives, cleavers, meat saws, bandsaws, or other equipment to perform meat cutting and trimming.. Cut and trim meat to prepare for packing.. Inspect meat products for defects, bruises or blemishes and remove them along with any excess fat.. Confer with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, take or enter orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints.. Total sales, and collect money from customers.. Prepare purchase orders, solicit bid proposals, and review requisitions for goods and services.. Analyze price proposals, financial reports, and other data and information to determine reasonable prices.. Purchase the highest quality merchandise at the lowest possible price and in correct amounts.. Study sales records and inventory levels of current stock to develop strategic purchasing programs that facilitate employee access to supplies.. Negotiate prices, discount terms and transportation arrangements for merchandise.. Consult with store or merchandise managers about budgets or goods to be purchased.. Collect money from customers, make change, and record transactions on customer receipts.. Drive trucks to deliver such items as food, medical supplies, or newspapers.. Write customer orders and sales contracts according to company guidelines.. Inform regular customers of new products or services and price changes.. Record sales or delivery information on daily sales or delivery record.. Call on prospective customers to explain company services or to solicit new business.. Listen to and resolve customers' complaints regarding products or services. I'm proficient at negotiation, critical thinking, and persuasion.]
29805310, [I got my high school diploma   general education in general education from riverside city college. As a Concession Cashier, I worked from 05/2010 to 08/2011. And my major duty is Operated a cash register for cash and credit card transactions with 95 % accuracy.. Stocked and replenished merchandise and food items in concession stands according to store company standards.. Cleaned and organized the concession stand including counters and food service equipment in accordance with health department regulations.. Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.. Cheerfully greeted customers and helped them with their orders.. Used time efficiently when not serving customers.. Fostered a positive work environment by working together with other team members with respect and consideration.. Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses. I'm proficient at listening, excellent written, and staffing.]
26425074, [I got my master of science   counseling psychology in counseling psychology from radford university. As a Health Care Facility Specialist, I worked from Jan 2001 to May 2009. And my major duty is Devised a technique for introducing the sales concept and the Carrier product line to customers by serving as the product specialist and educator.. Developed a complete marketing program for health care where none previously existed.. Analyzed, fore casted and assigned budgets for conditions in the health care market.. Co-managed the entire sales cycle on health care projects from start to finish by delivering a customized new solution for selling a hospital job.. Managed a current list of health care facilities, owners, administrators, directors, existing equipment and design engineer of record.. Developed and nurtured those relationships.. Maintained competitor's products and services in our region.. Promoted market infiltration of parts, equipment and customer service.. Communication abilities allowed for better interaction with design engineers and getting Carrier specified.. Achieved 100% growth in health care vertical market responsibility.. Creative sales strategy and interpersonal skills resulted in a half a million dollar sale within the first year for the company.. Increased centrifugal chiller sales by 100% by implementing strategies to develop and expand the applied chiller market. I'm proficient at territory sales experience, computer proficient on both pc and mac, and marketing.]
10464113, [I got my high school diploma in business from high school diploma   required and business      suncoast city   state   united states. As a Account Manager, I worked from 04/2012 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for helping new start up billing company acquire new clients in Southern Ohio and Kentucky.  Sold Allscripts software with meaningful use allowances, sold billing and credentialing services and continued to support the client and their staff.. This company changed their business plan and layed off outside sales team to grow the business by acquiring failing billing companies who were losing their physician clients to hospital and large physician buyouts. I'm proficient at practice fusion software, marketing, and reporting and training and support.]
54101961, [I got my network engineering in network engineering from computer information systems      moorpark college computer information systems. As a Warehouse Clerk, I worked from Dec 2006 to Oct 2007. And my major duty is Assist shipping manager prepare outgoing orders, assist supervisor verify incoming supplies from receiving dock and replenish back into inventory, record new inventory counts and follow up with supervisor to keep records accurate, replenish supplies to production floor for assembly, place supply orders via purchasing manager, distribute interoffice mail. I'm proficient at technical support, direction, and receiving.]
92200491, [I got my high school in music   music from saint james high school. As a Crew, I worked from Sep 2014 to Nov 2014. And my major duty is Train workers in food preparation, and in service, sanitation, and safety procedures.. Take food and drink orders and receive payment from customers.. Compile and balance cash receipts at the end of the day or shift.. Clean, stock, and restock workstations and display cases.. Perform various financial activities such as cash handling, and deposit preparation.. Wash, cut, and prepare foods designated for cooking.. Supervise and participate in kitchen and dining area cleaning activities.. Estimate ingredients and supplies required to prepare a recipe.. Check identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.. Resolve customer complaints regarding food service.. Clean bars, work areas, and tables.. Present bills and accept payments. I'm proficient at cooking, selling, and hand tools.]
26530696, [I got my associate of science in x   ray science from hightechinstitu. As a Trainer New Hire       Customer Service Specialist, I worked from Jan 2000 to Jan 2006. And my major duty is MS Office power-user with additional          proficiencies in assorted          2001-2010 databases.. Provided telephone, online and face-to-face customer service/support within Awards          high-volume call centers (handling an average of 95 calls/internet inquiries daily), busy retail customer service desks and five-star resorts.. Top Performer Award, 2008, 2009 Six-Time Employee of     Pe rformance Re vie w Exce rpts the Month, 2004 to 2006       & the second year in a row, Tracy has been the top performer on my team For Five Service Star          &exceeded her call metrics goals by 15% ...excellent communication, Awards, 2000 to 2004          technical support and troubleshooting skills &       excels in working has independently in a fast-paced environment & become my # 1 trainer of Compute r Skills          new hires & (2000, 2002, 2003&2006 Performance Review, Drakes Janitorial Service.) Word, Excel, PowerPoint, &Tracy exemplifies excellent customer service &   consistently thinks outside Access, Outlook, ACT!, SQL the box and finds creative ways to solve customer problems &     Identifies opportunities to increase customer retention and satisfaction through Mission State me nt          the use of up/cross-selling strategies and excellent communication skills Strive to exceed          &well organized, with the ability to multitask and prioritize workload & customer/ employer          documents in detail all interactions with customers & (2005 Performance expectations by delivering           Handles the demands of a high-volume customer service desk with ease & second-to-none service.. exemplary customer service and complaint handling skills &dedicated and Maintain customer        centricity in all initiatives    &Our guests routinely rave about the above-and-beyond service and and interactions, always          personalized attention they receive from Tracy &     highly resourceful & a putting the customer first.. consummate customer service professional Trained 95 new employees quarterly. I'm proficient at technical support, excellent communication, and selling.]
29332616, [I got my marine sciences in marine sciences from coastal carolina university. As a Decorator, I worked from 04/1996 to now.And my major duty is Set time and speed controls for mixing machines, blending machines, or steam kettles so that ingredients will be mixed or cooked according to instructions.. Decorate baked goods, such as cakes or pastries.. Apply glazes, icings, or other toppings to baked goods, using spatulas or brushes.. Check equipment to ensure that it meets health and safety regulations and perform maintenance or cleaning, as necessary.. Customer Service Phones Deliveries. I'm proficient at speaking, listening, and processes.]
42304307, [I got my bachelor of arts in african american studies from bachelor of arts   african american studies. As a Sandwich Artist, I worked from October 2012 to September 2014. And my major duty is Provided friendly customer service while doing multiple tasks in a busy and fast-paced environment. Prepared prep and sandwiches. Daily cleaning. Exhibits a cheerful and helpful manner while greeting guests and preparing their orders.. Demonstrates a complete understanding of menu items and explains them to guests accurately.. Uses Point of Sale system/cash register to record the order and compute the amount of the bill.. Collects payment from guests and makes change.. Performs Cash-In Procedure- accounting for all forms of money, bread, etc., during the shift.. Prepares food neatly, according to formula, and in a timely manner.. Checks products in sandwich unit area and restocks items to ensure a sufficient supply throughout the shift.. Understands and adheres to proper food handling, safety and sanitation standards during food preparation, service and clean up.. Cleans and maintains all areas of the restaurant to promote a clean image.. Understands and adheres to the 3-step method for cleaning.. Understands and adheres to all quality standards, formulas and procedures as outlined in the SUBWAY� Operations Manual.. Maintains a professional appearance and grooming standards as outlined in the SUBWAY� Operations Manual.. Performs light paperwork duties as assigned.. Completes University of SUBWAY�courses as directed I'm proficient at powerpoint, customer service, and word.]
12820557, [I got my ba   communications        university of phoenix   city   state   us ba in communications   marketing and sales in marketing and sales from university of phoenix. As a Administrative Assistant/Receptionist, I worked from August 2011 to January 2013. And my major duty is Responsibilities Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion. Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail. Skills Used Mathematical aptitude Customer- and service-oriented MS Office proficient POS systems Exceptional customer service Cash handling accuracy Excel spreadsheets Excellent communication skills Understands grammar Flexible schedule I'm proficient at security, generate sales, and training.]
13178604, [I got my bachelors of arts in bachelors of arts from marist college. As a ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE, I worked from 09/2005 to now.And my major duty is Yellowbook is the largest independent publishers of yellow pages nationwide. It offers multi-channel marketing solutions tailored to meet the specific needs of clients and the audience they target. Its brand is built on service and integrity with an end goal of delivering the most complete and relevant local business information to consumers. Managed "Major Accounts" worth more than $50k in four territories. Reviewed and grew account base by 18% to surpass given objectives. Interviewed and observed potential candidates for employment, mentored new hires. Established new clients to grow profitable territories and meet set objectives, 12 per quarter. Provided clients with a profitable marketing strategy in both print advertisement and internet marketing. Continuously maintained and established solid relationships with clients. Met publication and internet deadlines; achieved 100% of sales quotas. Elected Captain and Speaker of Yorktown/Peekskill county team. Notable Accomplishments: ➢ Presidential Achievement Award. Ranked 6th (must be in top 10 % of region) ➢ No. 2 "Net Gain" 2007 (achieving over 100% of quota) ➢ Two time "Rep of the Month" (September 2007, February 2006) ➢ Ranked 25th of approximately 200 reps in region, for new business. (53 sales totaling $105k). ➢ Significantly surpassed overall sales quota, three years in a row. "Quota Buster" (2006, 2007, 2008) ➢ Promoted within 11 months of hire. I'm proficient at accounts with, marketing strategy, and new account.]
23929500, [I got my office technology in paralegal from webster college. As a Provider Rep, I worked from May 2003 to March 2008. And my major duty is Assisted in the maintenance of medical charts and/or electronic medical record (filing, Op Reports, test results, home care forms).. Meticulously identified and rectified inconsistencies, deficiencies and discrepancies in medical documentation.. Prepared patient charts accurately and neatly for the clinic.. Prepared patient charts, pre-admissions and consent forms as necessary.. Researched questions and concerns from providers and provided detailed responses.. Updated patient financial information to guarantee accuracy.. Organized the department in accordance with administrative guidelines in order to provide specified nursing services to meet the legal, organizational and medical staff guidelines.. Participated in facility surveys and inspections made by authorized governmental agencies.. Confirmed accurate completion of forms/reports for the admission, transfer and/or discharge of each resident.. Initiated audit process to evaluate thoroughness of documentation and maintenance of facility standards. Cole Manage Vision - Twinsburg, 44087, OH. Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.. Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.. Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment.. Managed high call volume with tact and professionalism. I'm proficient at icd coding, benefits, and sales and.]
37360517, [I got my diploma stone mountain high in medical from . As a FRONT DESK MANAGER  FRONT DESK MANAGER, And my major duty is Carefully selected, developed and retained qualified staff, as well as trained [number] new staff annually.. Evaluated patient care procedural changes for effectiveness.. Created annual goals, objectives and budget and made recommendations to reduce costs.  Perform various clerical or administrative functions, such as ordering and maintaining an inventory of supplies.. Assisted in the design and execution of programs that contributed to a [%] growth of the organization in the [year] fiscal year.Conducted probationary and annual performance evaluations of all nursing staff.Developed and arranged continuing education opportunities for all staff to increase knowledge and skills.Supervised and evaluated the activities of medical, nursing, technical, clerical, service, maintenance and other personnel.Analyzed facility activities and data to properly assess risk management and improve services.Completed daily rounds of the nursing department to verify that all nursing service personnel were performing their work assignments in accordance with acceptable nursing standards.Evaluated nursing notes to confirm that they accurately and completely described care provided and patient responses.Created system-wide communications about service excellence.Effectively served as an advisory resource by providing patient/family experience expertise.Monitored infection control procedures to ensure facility-wide health and safety.Assigned staff to meet patient care needs and address productivity standards, while adjusting for census, skill mix and sick calls.Conducted probationary and annual performance evaluations of all nursing staff.Developed and arranged continuing education opportunities for all staff to increase knowledge and skills.Supervised and evaluated the activities of medical, nursing, technical, clerical, service, maintenance and other personnel.Analyzed facility activities and data to properly assess risk management and improve services.Kept abreast of advances in medicine, computerized diagnostic and treatment equipment, data processing technology, government regulations, health insurance changes and financing options. I'm proficient at new hire orientation, telephones, and osha inspections.]
28377361, [I got my associates degree in associates degree from washtenaw technical middle college. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 12/2012 to 01/2013. And my major duty is Greeted customers in a timely fashion while quickly determining their needs.. Recommended merchandise to customers based on their needs and preferences.. Responded to customer questions and requests in a prompt and efficient manner.. Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area.. Organized racks and shelves to maintain the visual appeal of the store.. Stocked shelves and supplies and organized displays.. Check out purchases I'm proficient at oral communication, coaching, and sales.]
18171955, [I got my bachelor of business administration in computer information systems from western michigan university. As a Mortgage Consultant, I worked from Mar 2004 to Mar 2006. And my major duty is Utilize referrals and company provided sales leads to sell customers a variety of financial services and products including unsecured personal loans, credit cards and real estate loans.. Work with customers on the phone and in person throughout the credit application and approval process.. Responsible for financial analysis of clients who typically stand above 60% debt ratio and implement debt restructuring to facilitate repayment and reduce debt ratio to 45% or less.. Manage team to plan approach and implement best practices for selling Life, Accident & Health, Involuntary Unemployment insurance and Home and Auto (HAS).. Proven ability to self-source leads and to create profitable business relationships with referral partners. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and networks.]
12082377, [I got my interior decorator in interior decorator from james pace high school. As a Owner, I worked from 01/2000 to 07/2007. And my major duty is Coordinated residential and commercial sales, along with supervising all installations.. Project estimating and purchasing.. Retailed all types of flooring, ceramic & porcelain tile, natural stone, resilient flooring, laminate, hardwood and carpet.. Attended Surfaces and Mohawk U trade shows and seminars.. Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.. Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products and services.. Quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications.. Wrote sales contracts for orders obtained and submitted orders for processing.. Selected the correct products based on customer needs, product specifications and applicable regulations.. Assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects, tracked progress and updated managers, partners and clients as necessary.. Matched purchase orders with invoices and recorded the necessary information. I'm proficient at supervising, organized, and sales management.]
28198029, [I got my associate of arts in medical transcription from st   gregory   s. As a Travel Agent, I worked from 08/1990 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for booking airline, hotel, car rental and leisure. ]
28867567, [I got my bs in hospitality   business management in hospitality   business management from morgan state university. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Recipient of the High Five Award for meeting sales and customer satisfaction targets; and for sustaining above average relationships between company and the customer.. Identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets.. Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer service.. Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.. Kept up-to-date with regional market and industry trends to optimize marketing and sales plans.. Created and implemented store displays, promoting sales and growth.. Demonstrated product features to align with customer needs.. Created successful strategies to develop and expand customer sales.. Contacted new and existing customers to outline benefits of products.. Improved profitability and developed pipeline using multiple marketing channels and sales strategies.. Maximized efficiency and time management by effectively planning and organizing client routes within territory.. Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.. Prepared and processed contracts and order forms for new and existing customers.And my major duty is Developed a well-organized beverage system and directed a highly experienced team consisting of 10 bartenders and approximately 30 servers to provide best hospitality experience to customers.. Prepared appropriate staff schedules according to budgetary guidelines.. Oversaw and maintained stock levels to serve high-quality products consistent with customer requirements.. Demonstrated strong analytical and financial skills while maintaining budget, processing payroll, implementing cost controls, and evaluating income estimates, profit and loss statements, sales and labor flash reports.. Improved staff productivity by conducting training on customer service, company policies, and safety practices.. Created a healthy and secure environment for staff and guests through the enforcement of safety and sanitation standards.. Retained remarkable service standards by hiring highly talented staff for all departments.. Trained all front of house staff on restaurant policies and procedures, guest service techniques and communication skills to ensure positive experience.. Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage, and sanitation of food and beverage products to ensure quality.. Exhibited thorough knowledge of foods, beverages, supervisory duties, service techniques and guest interactions.. Performed restaurant walk-throughs to gauge timeliness and excellent service quality.And my major duty is Supported sales reps in establishing special promotional set-ups and providing compelling presentation of products.. Drove sales and profitability goals by cultivating positive rapport with key store individuals and customers.. Organized engaging front-facing displays to capture customer interest and drive revenue growth.. Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of store to attract customers and optimize sales.. Communicated and coordinated planogram execution with store management.. Followed prepared sketches and planograms to arrange consistent shelves, racks and bins across various locations.. Updated seasonal displays such as windows and mannequins to highlight current product lines.. Configured and arranged up-to-date advertising and marketing displays, creatively placed merchandise on counters or tables to promote visibility and sales.And my major duty is Identified customer requirements and suggested quality cellular devices by utilizing extensive product knowledge.. Arranged sales floor and presented the store in visually appealing manner.. Consistently met sales goals and ensured recurring business by nurturing long-term relationship with customers.. Attained customer confidence by providing interactive, engaging and reassuring store experience.. Maximized customer experience through prompt resolution of complaints or issues. I'm proficient at relationship selling, product and service knowledge, and revenue growth.]
19147494, [I got my state high school diploma in conroe high school   city   state high school from conroe high school. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Assisted customers by finding needed Equipment , Ag or lawn items and checking inventory for items at other locations.. Retained product, service and company policy knowledge to serve as resource for both coworkers and customers.. Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and promotions.. Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.. Offered product and service consultations and employed upselling techniques.. Negotiated and closed deals with minimal oversight.. Prepared cash deposits up to $20,000 with zero discrepancies.. Listened to customer needs to identify and recommend optimal Equipment , Parts or Service selections.. Executed 100 outbound calls each week to existing customers, resulting in 45% increase in sales.. Processed orders through each manufactures website and coordinated product deliveries.And my major duty is Extended existing customer relationships through extensive communication and tried-and-true marketing strategies.. Collaborated cross-functionally on the proper equipment which led to Customers job to be completed in effective time.. Forecasted trends in expected business levels and adjusted labor and inventory to match expectations.. Strengthened operational efficiencies and traceability, developing organizational filing systems for confidential client records and reports for storage leasing.. Inputted customer data into company system, safeguarding financial and personal information to avoid breaches.. Executed relations strategies to foster better customer service and promote positive and engaging environment for all.. Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively diffusing situations.And my major duty is Generated more than 15 leads per week and pursued appointment opportunities to convert prospects into new customers.. Assisted customers with their maintenance requirements to keep equipment in proper and top performance.. Filed warranties with manufactures , collected all cost for parts and labor along with any other fees which applied to each repair.. Assisted technicians with any questions on specs or maintenance requirements. Reviewed open repairs and properly followed thru with notating any and all work performed for the customers understanding of any repair completed.. Educated customers on service plans, including upgrades.And my major duty is Operated point of sales and parts lookup computer systems.. Opened crates to replenish stocked items in proper aisles.. Researched and identified alternative vendors with better prices to save company $[Amount] over. [Timeframe]. . I'm proficient at a i products, mtd products, and inventory control procedures.]
14358578, [I got my bachelor of science in psychology from university of scranton city. As a Veterinary Technician, I worked from 09/2018 to 08/2019. And my major duty is Assessed paws, ears and eyes for injuries or infections as part of initial evaluation.. Maintained daily progress records, surgery logs, x-ray logs, Drug Enforcement Administration logs and routine records.. Cleaned and disinfected exam areas, equipment and kennels to prevent spread of disease, control odors and maintain healthy environment.. Interacted with clients regarding animal health, questions and concerns, education on treatment protocol and general procedures.. Assisted veterinarian with wound treatment, administration of vaccines and operations.. Assisted Dr. Fanning in performing basic exams and tests such as fecal and blood analysis for all species of patients.. Monitored urine and fecal output, completed weight checks and observed appetite during feeding.. Administered oral or topical medications to boarding patients as specified by veterinarian in animal's medical record.. Greeted pet owners and performed intakes to go over array of available services, outline costs and determine special needs of animal while in care.. Administer medications, vaccines, and treatments as instructed by veterinarian.. Conducted preliminary patient workups including gathering patient history information, description of symptoms from owner, and documenting presenting condition.. Prepared surgical instrument packs and drapes for use in sterile environments by processing in autoclave under high pressure and high temperature conditions.. Collected specimens from patients for laboratory analysis for parasites, blood analysis and culture.. Processed new patients and updated client records with key information using hospital provided software.. Carefully clipped nails and trimmed hair around pads and paws, using gentle approach for anxious pets. I'm proficient at current trend knowledge, stocking and replenishing, and sales.]
37735467, [I got my associate of science in computer engineering technology from edutec. I have 3 work experiences.  I'm proficient at relationship selling, market research and analysis, and merchandising knowledge.]
65456466, [I got my bachelor of science in community health from oregon state university. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 10/2009 to 02/2014. And my major duty is Kept current on market and product trends to effectively answer customer           questions.. Completed floor replenishment to guarantee size availability and promote           customer satisfaction.. Built customer confidence by actively listening to their concerns and giving           appropriate feedback.. Collaborated with customer service team members to give exceptional           service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience.. Offered exceptional customer service to differentiate and promote the           company brand.. Opened and closed the store, which included counting cash drawers and           making bank deposits.. Kept the showroom clean and maintained neat, orderly product displays. I'm proficient at leadership, listening, and direction.]
32140087, [I got my master of business administration in history   political science from manhattanville college. As a Advertising Manager, Advertising Sales Support, I worked from January 1995 to January 1998.  I'm proficient at vendor relations project management ooh color correction specialization team building training innovation print production schedules creative team collaboration process optimization consulting negotiation maximization strategic analysis planning graphic design ad traffic soft proofing digital files proofreading editing quality control building templates strategic planning implementation cost reduction avoidance turnaround crisis management digital photo retouching microsoft office suite adobe creative suite quarkxpress adtransit adsend pre press.]
17704246, [I got my completed professional development in auto collion in auto body from iowa central community college. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at excel in management, client focused, and change management.]
58428843, [I got my bookkeeping in bookkeeping from stratford career institute. As a Office Assistant, I worked from Sep 1998 to Oct 2003. And my major duty is Managed all day- to -day administrative responsibilities which included; reporting and           documentation, record keeping, maintaining of files, correspondence, internal/external           communications.. Planned and developed the conference program, agendas, schedules, sessions, handouts and           other collateral materials.. Promoted and marketed the conference, created and disseminated brochures, articles, and           email blast.. Handled administrative details such as registration, payments, and travel/transportation.. Responded to inquiries and ensuring clear communication with speakers, conference           attendees, and other staff. I'm proficient at benefits, merchandising, and selling.]
70528646, [I got my ged in commercial driver training   heavy equipment operator certificate   forklift operator certificate   operations and quality management from ged   general general castleberry   river oak   texas   usa. As a Trainer, And my major duty is Processed shipment documents neatly and efficiently for each load.. Obtained and maintained proper delivery authorization and pickup documentation.. Conducted daily DOT pre-trip inspections according to a set checklist .Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.. Contacted all job applicants to inform them of their application process. I'm proficient at forms, benefits, and selling.]
23032182, [I got my bachelors degree in business marketing business from american river college   city. As a Customer Service Rep, And my major duty is Answered an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and providing new product information.. Greeted customers entering the store to ascertain what each customer wanted or needed.. Earned management trust by serving as key holder, responsibly opening and closing store.. Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.. Restocked inventory ever month and reviewed cash operation data to verify proper replenishment.. Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot.. Monitored cash drawers in multiple checkout stations to ensure adequate cash supply.. Communicated all store initiatives and promotions to customers to generate return business.. Set up and explained new membership contracts. I'm proficient at self motivated, sales, and marketing.]
36970996, [I got my graduate diamond certification in diamond essentials certification graduate diamond certification from graduate. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Prepared merchandise for sales floor.. Directed individuals to merchandise locations.. Suggested accessories and complementary purchases.. Accepted and processed returns.. Wrote, negotiated and finalized sales contracts.. Kept work areas clean and neat at all times.. Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.. Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency.. Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including folding clothes and cleaning out fitting rooms.. Resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.. Verified that all customers received receipts for their purchases.. Followed merchandising guidelines to present visually appealing displays.. Mentored new sales associates to contribute to the store's positive culture.. Fostered a positive work environment by consistently treating all employees and customers with respect and consideration.. Communicated clear expectations and goals to each team member.. Cultivated a customer-focused shopping environment by greeting and responding to all customers in a friendly manner.. Recognized and rewarded outstanding work performance to cultivate a positive and collaborative customer service culture.. Worked with the management team to implement the proper division of responsibilities.. Strategically scheduled team members to maintain optimal staffing levels at all times.. Supervised and directed all merchandise and shipment processing.. Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities.. Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an appropriate manner.. Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the responses.. Maintained established merchandising standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays.. Preserved a perfect attendance record for 8  months. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, skilled problem solver, and strategic sales.]
13637605, [I got my education in education from waynesboro area senior high school. As a Cashier, And my major duty is I up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant           profits.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve           food or service issues.. I also recorded customer orders and repeated them back           in a clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a           member of the management team.. I communicated clearly and positively with           co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and           professionally.. I quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate           change.And my major duty is I up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant           profits.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve           food or service issues.. I also recorded customer orders and repeated them back           in a clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a           member of the management team.. I communicated clearly and positively with           co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and           professionally.. I quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate           change. I'm proficient at phone, outgoing personality, and enthusiasm.]
55097118, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from california baptist university. As a Sales Associate, I worked from September 2006 to June 2008. And my major duty is Cashier, Customer Service, Merchandising, Stocking, Working with money, Inventory, Cleaning. I'm proficient at attorney, meticulous attention to detail, and cooking.]
24610685, [I got my b   s   business administration   management   marketing option in business administration   management   marketing from pennsylvania state university. As a Business Data Analyst, I worked from December 2013 to January 2014. And my major duty is Monitor, Analyzing, and Optimizing campaigns via Open Ad Stream (Ad Server), AppNexus, and Saleforce while being an expert on all areas of the sites and be able to make recommendations on placements based on key categories and clients.. Understand the varied needs of and specific business objectives/goals of Client.. Analyzing and identifying the trends and/or issues within data, and be able to make changes and/or recommendations to optimize.. Perform regular quality checks (QC) of large data sets and large data loads through Oracle.. Extracted, compiled and tracked data, and analyzed data to generate reports using advanced Excel functions to generate spreadsheets and pivot tables.. Manage deliverables and requests for new retailers, items and data coverage.. Data management tasks including receiving retail data from partners, data scrubbing, data loading into OAS application, data attribution and mapping. I'm proficient at data mining, strong interpersonal skills, and strong analytical skills.]
38087844, [I got my business administration in business administration from pace university. As a Project Manager, And my major duty is Negotiated Voice & Data contracts with clients and fortune 500 service providers.. Developed new business procedures and adjusted business plan to reflect effective sales results Hired and developed a technical and sales savvy work force.. Coached and trained employees to follow business procedures.. Responsible for large percent of firm's revenue growth in 2000 - 2001 fiscal year.. Exceptional project management delivering workflow and managing developers with project direction.. Awarded #1 in Sales by NTT/VERIO in 2001. I'm proficient at leadership, staffing, and sales management.]
28139742, [I got my ph   d     management information systems in management information systems from university of florida. As a Senior Customer Care Specialist, And my major duty is Maintained retention center database and monitored calls for quality assurance.. Developed wireless billing system training program for new associates. I'm proficient at leadership, management information systems, and inventory management.]
17410700, [As a Sales / Cashier Associate / Stock Person, I worked from Mar 2013 to Aug 2013. And my major duty is Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.. Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.. Verified that all merchandising standards were maintained on a daily basis. I'm proficient at loss prevention comprehension, ability to mediate disputes, and high end fashion knowledge.]
20141807, [I got my did not receive a degree in elementary education from ardmore higher education center. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at enterprise, book, and newsletters.]
16280971, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from university of columbus city. As a Associate Producer, I worked from 04/1993 to now.And my major duty is Production company that aired on WSB-TV. Project management expertise including: telemarketing, sales, scheduling productions, purchasing air time, managing overall production of segments.. Interviewed Presidents and CEO's of companies in the Atlanta Business Arena.. Interfaced with the decision makers to quickly determine their needs.. Sold and produced 32 segments a year.. Negotiated a partnership with WSB-TV to include a segment from Inside America  in their Advertising Packages during the Olympics, resulting in increased revenue for WSB, as well as for Inside America.. Examples of the caliber of companies we profiles:  Emory Healthcare, Kimberly Clark, Alumax, Coca Cola Bottlers of Chattanooga,.I worked from 07/1983 to now.And my major duty is promotional advertising distributor)        Set appointments with decision makers, networked within companies to gain more business, reorganized the order process for more efficient customer service and follow up of orders, continued education of the industry by attending trade shows, seminars and studying catalogs.. Purchased existing company with revenue of $60K per year and grew it to $1.5 Million in 5 Years.. Developed programs for large auto dealer with apparel, mugs, and notepads which garnered monthly repeat business.. Designed a program for the Masonry Assoc using caps embroidered  with the Masonry logo and their own company name.. This program resulted in Signature Advertising to become the #1 cap seller in the COUNTRY.. Won the "Best of Show" award at the Homebuilders Association Tradeshow.. Recommendations (client)Melinda Gibson  Top qualities: Great Results, High Integrity, Creative  "Karen became a trusted vendor to me.. I could consistently trust her for quality products, while keeping to my timeline and budget.. She truly went the extra mile for me each time we worked together." April 29, 2010. I'm proficient at sales, customer service, and marketing communications.]
34131484, [I got my media production in media production from the art institute of ft   lauderdale. As a Residential Sales Specialist, I worked from January 2013 to January 2016. And my major duty is Responsible of selling TV cable, internet and phone services onsite properties.. Increase penetration to 97% on revenue on multiple properties.     internet and phone services install.. Managing VIP and Major customer's accounts Upsold add-on services to existing customers, generating incremental revenue.. Trained sales teams on educational products at seminars and special events.. Worked closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities, securing. Prepared monthly commissions payroll reports for 10+ sales representatives.. Answered customers' questions about products prices, availability, uses and credit terms.. Developed and executed annual sales plans and strategies for Miami and West Palm territory.. Monitored market conditions, product innovations and competitor activity, and adjusted account sales approach to address latest market developments. I'm proficient at customer service, managing new construction properties, and billing.]
18885231, [I got my bachelor of science in communications from salem state university. As a Customer Service/Sales Representative, And my major duty is Help customers resolve billing questions, collect payments, and renew oil contracts.. Answer inbound calls and make outbound calls.. Promote oil as a safer choice.. Train new hires. I'm proficient at powerpoint, brochures, and editing.]
15620421, [I got my high school diploma   general        john f hodge high   city   state   usa coursework in marketing   business management and communications   member of debate and speech clubs   student government representative   data entry office assistant certificate in marketing   business management and communications from john f hodge high   city   state   usa. As a child care provider/ manager, I worked from 06/1998 to 11/2001. And my major duty is I was responsible for the care of children, making their lunches, dropping them off and picking them up from school, planning daily activities and learning time for them, handing out paychecks to employees at the end of the week, making sure parents had their payments in on time, going through the children's folders to make sure all paper work was up to date and filled out correctly, giving tours of the facility to prospective parents, and making sure the facility was clean and locked up at the end of the work day. I'm proficient at microsoft word, excel, and power point.]
31199035, [I got my high school in high school from high school diploma oak creek high school. As a Housekeeper, And my major duty is My duty as a housekeeper was to clean and maintain the rooms and premises in and around the hotel.. Vacuum, empty wastepaper and ashtrays, transport trash to waste disposal equipment, dust, change the bed sheets and pillow cases and dust. I'm proficient at caregiver, injured, and job duties give assistance to people who are sick.]
85918100, [I got my b   s   management   psychology in management   psychology from university of maryland. As a Associate Buyer, I worked from November 2000 to August 2004. And my major duty is Conducted solicitations for bid from suppliers; tabulated and analyzed bids to secure lowest or best value; developed price analysis, prepared and placed purchase orders; maintained PO files in compliance.. Identified new sources and procured products and services with emphasis on seeking out women and minority suppliers to assist in the achievement of subcontracting goals in accordance with FAR/DFARS. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and negotiation.]
14381464, [I got my diploma david douglas high school in diploma david douglas high school from david douglas high school. As a Landscaper, And my major duty is Customer service Worked as Landscaper in Preston's Tree Service from Jan 2010 to May 2015 Role :Concrete/Pavements Roofing Yard maintenance Trim and cut trees Pressure wash. I'm proficient at works, customer service, and excellent customer service.]
23782450, [I got my general business in general business from CLS  what is your college    SEP. As a Cashier Zaxbys, I worked from 09/2014 to 01/2015. And my major duty is Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.. Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.. Plan parties or other special events and services.. Perform marketing and advertising services.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.. Greet customers entering establishments.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.. Sell tickets and other items to customers.. Process merchandise returns and exchanges.. Place merchandise on conveyors leading to wrapping areas.. Read orders to ascertain catalog numbers, sizes, colors, and quantities of merchandise.. Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staffs.. Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.. Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs.. Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.. Visit franchised dealers to stimulate interest in establishment or expansion of leasing programs.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.. Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or.I worked from 01/2014 to 07/2014. I worked from 09/2010 to 01/2014.  I'm proficient at reading, staffing, and scanners.]
37792474, [I got my bachelor of science in mechanical engineering from lehigh university. As a Project Designer/Shop Drawing Clerk, I worked from Jan 1990 to Jan 1994.  I'm proficient at leadership, cost analysis, and renovation.]
29928796, [I got my some college in some college from downers grove north high school. As a Server, I worked from 05/2016 to Current. And my major duty is Maintain self set and supervisory set sales goals whilst providing the utmost and highest of service to each guest. Provide food and beverage suggestions to guest when ordering through pertinent product knowledge and while making personal recommendations.. Engage in conversation with guests providing a very loving atmosphere for their dinner and or lunch I'm proficient at attentive to small details, positive influence, and very calm under pressure but not to leisured to resolve the problem.]
55104715, [I got my master of science   international marketing in marketing from andres bello national university. As a Marketing Consultant, I worked from 11/2011 to 07/2012. And my major duty is Law and Finance private consulting office (USD5MM Annual Sales).. Planed and executed business plans for companies consulting to enter in the Chilean Market by generating a 5-year plan and defining specific sales goals to succeed in the country.. Improved office customer acquisition by 17% and generating USD0.8M in new annual revenue. I'm proficient at office suite, google products, and sql.]
27233183, [I got my dental assistant certificate   dental assistant dental assisting in dental assistant dental assisting from new hampshire technical institute. As a Cashier, I worked from 10/2011 to now.And my major duty is Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.. Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.. Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.. Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.. Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.. Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.. Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items.. Used time efficiently when not serving customers, including folding clothes and cleaning out fitting rooms. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and organizational skills.]
29815762, [I got my high school diploma in high school from lugoff elgin high school. As a Kennel Worker, And my major duty is Conducted physical exams and other routine health care procedures.. Managed shelter for animals and arranging for adoption or euthanasia of confiscated animals.. Adhered to high standards of safety, cleanliness and professionalism.. Assisted veterinarians in examining animals.. Restrained animals during veterinary procedures.. I worked for two years as a kennel worker and other odd jobs.. Evaluated animals brought in by the control officers and public. I'm proficient at listening, strong organizational skills, and receiving.]
19156751, [I got my medical assistant in medical assistant king   s college   city   state   usa completed an accelerated degree program with king   s college as a medical assistant from king   s college. As a Care giver, And my major duty is Provided clinical care encompassing both acute and chronic medical conditions and injuries, admissions, discharge summaries, and managing the hypertension clinic. Performed histories and physical examinations. Assessed and managed common patient illnesses. Performed tests and treatments on both pediatric and adult patients including suturing, splinting and gynecological examinations. Discussed cases with physician and other health professionals to prepare comprehensive patient care plan. Providing home care and also running errands.List your most significant achievements. Include accomplishments and skills that directly support your career summary including keywords. Select Sample Phrases for recommendations. Select Expert Advice for best practices I'm proficient at customized products and services and creative, and market trends research, and set up prospect database.]
27096471, [I got my master of arts   human resource development in mass communication from xavier university. As a Benefits Specialist, And my major duty is Counseled employees and management on leave of absence policies and procedures to ensure employees had all appropriate information including interpretation of multi- state and federal laws, COBRA, FMLA, HIPPA, ADA, etc.. Liaison between the policyholder and The Standard.. Responded to claim and coverage inquires, including verifying appropriate premium administration.. Developed effective relationships with Human Resources, benefits and payroll staff throughout the policyholder's business units to ensure a positive customer experience for the employer and employee.. Participated in the development of the employee module for HR Intranet, which allowed employees to access HR policies and be informed regarding important benefit and policy changes.. Utilized project management skills for implementing on-line employment application and benefits enrollment, and a paperless/scanning filing system. I'm proficient at organizational development, consulting, and staffing.]
43311839, [I got my master of science   computer science in computer science from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Software Engineer, I worked from August 2008 to November 2010. And my major duty is CSX Corporation, together with its subsidiaries based in Jacksonville, Fla., is one of the nation's leading transportation suppliers.. The company's rail and intermodal businesses provide rail-based transportation services including traditional rail service and the transport of intermodal containers and trailers.. Overall, the CSX Transportation network encompasses about 21,000 route miles of track in 23 states, the District of Columbia and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec.. Our transportation network serves some of the largest population centers in the nation.. Nearly two-thirds of Americans live within CSX's service territory.. Responsibilities: Actively participated in gathering requirements, design, and implementation.. Designed and developed web forms using ASP.NET and C#.NET.. Worked on Visual Source Safe for Version controls.. Extensively worked on HTML, DHTML, CSS and Java Script for web forms designing and validations.. Worked on Validation Controls, User Controls, Custom Controls for code reusability, and Web Server controls.. Used AJAX, XAML for providing rich UI.. Designed and developed the database using SQL Server 2005 and wrote SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Indexes, Triggers and Cursors.. Used ADO.NET and its Objects to communicate the SQL Server 2005 database and to access data and worked with SSIS.. SSIS was used for creating packages and automating them using SQL scheduler.. These packages are used to move data from and into SQL Server from various sources (like Excel & MS Access database) on a scheduled basis.. Wrote Web Services using SOAP in the appropriate scenarios to communicate with other applications.. Created program to Export and Import Datasets to XML file.. Implemented Web Applications like Caching Services to boost performance and Security Services to identify users and prevent unauthorized access.. Used Global.. Sax files to handle Global Events which are fired for different reasons.. Performed Unit Testing for ensuring the reliability of the application development.. Involved in generating management reports on overall status of module using SSRS.. Deployment of the project and the reports are done on the Testing and production servers.. Environment: Visual Studio .NET 2005/2008, C#.NET, ADO.NET, Code Dom, SQL Server 2005, Multithreading, XML, AJAX, XAML, Java script, SQL Server 2005, Excel,  SSIS, Web Services,  SOAP, VSS, Crystal Reports and SSRS. I'm proficient at finance, visual studio, and forms.]
15119529, [I got my ba   rhetoric and communications in rhetoric and communications from university of richmond   city. As a Assistant Media Planner, I worked from 10/2011 to 11/2012. And my major duty is Developed and executed multimillion-dollar digital, TV, print and mobile campaigns for J&J. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and book.]
88907739, [I got my master of science   software management in software management from carnegie mellon university. As a Academic Projects, I worked from 08/2014 to 12/2015. And my major duty is Software Product Strategy: Conceptualized and launched Online E-commerce store, developed Product Strategy and Roadmap, and produced Engineering, Financial and Marketing plan Commercialization of IP: Developed Go-to- Market Strategy, Product Roadmap and proposed Business Model to launch CMU's Automatic Speech Recognition Technology and presented to Sand Hill Angel Investors Software Requirement and Interaction Design: Designed a working prototype for the first responders using the human centered user design approach Human Computer interaction: Designed an Apple watch prototype for Porsche customers by accessing contextual interviews, creating personas, generating scenarios and story boards Survivable Social Network on Chip: Performed Object Oriented Analysis and Design along with the estimation, planning, development, measurement and tracking of the software project using the hybrid development approach. I'm proficient at websites, methodologies, and business development.]
31395742, [I got my associate of applied science in computer systems and network technology from vatterott college. As a Help Desk and PC Technician, I worked from 08/1990 to 03/1998. And my major duty is Involved in the setup and delivery of leased PC's in the Commodity area.. Provided consultation to users, by solving problems over the telephone or by generating Help Requests.. Provided customer support for Win95 and WinNT 4.0.. Ability to identify and troubleshoot hardware and software.. Install and support hardware and software, including Lotus products, Microsoft products, Client Access and NetSoft , Internet, and AutoCadLT.. Certified with Dell Optiplex, Dell Latitude and Micron Certification. I'm proficient at microsoft products, citrix, and upgrading.]
93349646, [I got my mca in bsc math from vivekananda college. As a Associate Consultant, And my major duty is Installation of Oracle software on Linux boxes Creating tablespaces and database files based on the OFA model.. Managing database security and creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges as required by the application Administration of Oracle 10g Application Server.. Performance tuning of using Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, RDA, and STATSPACK.. Applying Patches for backend Changes Monitoring Backup Schedules.. Provided 24x7 on call production support Database Reorganizations to reduce fragmentations.. Monitoring alert logs, trace files to check Database health and corruption. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and processes.]
25694422, [I got my b   s   community and human services in community and human services from suny empire state college. As a Intake Supervisor, I worked from September 2009 to February 2011. And my major duty is Restructured Intake/Assessment department increasing assessment s by 86%.. Increased retention of clients engaged in treatment by 230% YTD 2010.. Second annual increase of face to face interviews with clients and families from 196 in 2009 to 365 in 2010.. Increased Intensive Outpatient Admission census from 94 in 2009 to 208 in 2010. I'm proficient at treatment programs, business processes case management, and solution focused counseling.]
26291616, [I got my computer operations computer operations in computer operations from henderson county junior college. As a Technical Analyst, And my major duty is Responsible for the installation, maintenance and operation of all computer related hardware and software.. Work with Technology Supervisor and Personnel Supervisor to maintain consistency with regard to word processing procedures among secretarial and word processing personnel and assist with ongoing training in new procedures.. Support all inter-office telecommunications, electronic mail and Internet services.. Serve as the System Administrator to Windows NT LAN supporting 150 users.. Administer SQL Server and PCDocs databases.. Coordinate with other firm offices regarding telecommunications procedures, and implementation of new technologies.. Interact with vendors in acquisition of new software and hardware.. Member of Morrison & Foerster Networking Taskforce: Provided feasibility study that preceded implementing client/server technology into the Morrison & Foerster environment.. This included costs analysis as well as operation, and management evaluations of NetWare, Banyon Vines, Pathworks and Windows NT; Assisted in the implementation of client/server technology in nationwide offices: System integration and conversion from VAX/VMS, Decnet, 56KB to Windows NT, TCP/IP, Frame Relay Network. I'm proficient at citrix, sql server, and exchange server.]
11020140, [I got my m   s   computer science data communications        villanova university   city   state computer science data communications b   a   computer science in computer science from villanova university. As a Systems Programmer, I worked from January 1985 to January 1990. And my major duty is Designed, developed, tested and supported a real-time client/server application to provide messaging.. communications from a VAX/VMS application to an IBM application.. The application tracked the movement if trains.. and locations.. The application was originally written in assembly language and later converted to C.. Provided general system and network administration support. I'm proficient at ibm, data communications, and user training.]
93459677, [I got my bachelor of commerce in commerce from sri bhagawan mahaveer jain college senior secondary certificate   icse   baldwin boys   high school. As a Associate, I worked from 07/2006 to now.And my major duty is Financial Analysis of defaulted loans and approving it for foreclosure.. Initializing and coordinating foreclosure of defaulted loans.. Ensuring timely completion of active foreclosures. I'm proficient at ca, ledger, and sap fi.]
18079050, [I got my m   b   a finance in journalism bachelor of arts journalism from webster university city. As a AR/AP General Cashier, And my major duty is Received checks, made deposits and posted them to corresponding invoices.. Prepared credit and debit memos necessary to adjust customer accounts receivable Paid invoices by verifying transaction information, scheduling and preparing disbursements and obtaining authorization of payment Proven track record in resolving historical accounts receivable issues arising from misapplication, incomplete application or non-application of customer payments Verified general ledger accuracy and prepared monthly accruals and analyzed trial balances Audited cash revenues for all areas of hotel operation, balanced daily cash transactions and ordered daily supply of cash. I'm proficient at book, processes, and forms.]
25213006, [I got my general education in general education from pine ridge high school. As a Swing Manager, I worked from August 2005 to April 2007. And my major duty is Interviewed job candidates and made staffing decisions.. Verified cash drawers and made bank deposits.. Assigned employees to specific duties to best meet the needs of the store.. Reordered inventory when it dropped below predetermined levels.. Instructed staff on appropriately handling difficult and complicated sales.. Hired, trained and evaluated personnel in sales and marketing.. Examined merchandise to verify that it was correctly priced and displayed/ Planned budgets and authorized payments and merchandise returns.. Reported to the distract manager regarding all store and staff issues. I'm proficient at employee scheduling, adobe proficient, and dealersocket proficiency.]
14517953, [I got my master of business administration   administration in finance from university of toledo   city   state gpa   gpa         bachelor of business administration   finance        university of toledo   city   state gpa   gpa         dean   s list select one        st   ursula academy. As a Intern, I worked from January 1991 to January 1992. And my major duty is Reconciled trust bank statements to record keeper accounts.. Monitored performance of retirement  plan investment managers.. Prepared and maintained quarterly investment performance reports.. Allocated insurance claims to plant locations. I'm proficient at crystal report, microsoft powerpoint, and consulting.]
39308779, [I got my masters of business administration in finance from university of illinois. As a Senior Internal Auditor, I worked from January 1996 to January 2003. And my major duty is World&risqué;s largest producer of sodium silicate and highway glass spheres.. Privately held since 1831.. 600M in sales.. Completed development of a new Internal Audit Department that provided PQ with a well-functioning operation.. Managed Audit Department and conducted audits at 19 foreign subsidiaries and 21 U.S.. plants.. Conducted foreign audits that met all local and international accounting requirements and laws.. Assigned risk levels to all locations.. Worked to implement all SAP computer options as PQ eliminated over 40 self-made computer systems.. Served as key SAP liaison with auditees as Company successfully implemented SAP across the U.S.. Redesigned audit reporting practices and introduced modern internal auditing to a1l 19 foreign locations.. Left due to outsourcing 100% to a large regional accounting firm. I'm proficient at finance, ibm, and consulting.]
51724595, [I got my diploma   finance management accounting and finance india finance management accounting and finance in finance management accounting from welingkar institute of management development and research. As a Analyst, I worked from November 2004 to August 2007. And my major duty is Responsible for maintaining critical Client information pertaining to 7 cost centers Work extensively on Crystal Reports to retrieve any kind of information required by client.. Suggest initiatives that can bring time/ hard dollar save.. Analyze and send MIS reports to various teams and department heads across JP Morgan.. Professional Achievements/Trainings Received "Applause Award" in 2011 and 2012 for outstanding value to client service in Deloitte.. Have worked on multiple sales pursuits specifically contributing around technical feasibility and estimation.. Salesforce.com Administration Essentials Salesforce.com Force.com Developer. I'm proficient at processes, benefits, and change management.]
22259768, [I got my master of science   information technology management in information technology management from university of texas city. As a Consultant, I worked from 01/2010 to now.And my major duty is Conducted market research and prepared business plan for exploring new market opportunities.. Involved in requirements gathering, current market trend evaluation, financial evaluation and comparative study. I'm proficient at training manuals, processes, and forms.]
10332998, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in criminal justice from john jay college of criminal justice. As a Consultant Attorney, I worked from 12/2005 to 12/2009. And my major duty is Served as Consultant Attorney by Assisting several law firms during  civil litigation, white collar criminal litigation, and SEC and DOJ investigations regarding matters involving allegations of fraud, anti-money laundering violations, and antiitrust violations.. Analyzed financial documentation and communications such risk alerts and Suspicious Activity Reports (SAR) to identify regulatory risks and whether company exceeded its risk appetite in violation of company's own procedures.. Reviewed transactions and communications for fraud,  illegal wire transfers, suspicious activities, breach of contract, breach of  fiduciary duties, and regulatory violations.. Performed second level and quality control review to ensure documentation was correctly annotated and categorized prior to production to government regulators, and adverse parties.. Reviewed and analyzed documents to determine if method of calculating out-of-network benefits violated ERISA, RICO, the Sherman Act and state law.. Conducted due diligence to ensure merger/acquisition did not violate U.S. antitrust law.. Conducted legal research, developed case theories, and drafted memoranda.. Assisted in deposition and trial preparation by drafting privilege logs.. Firms:. Jenner & Block; Arkin, Kaplan & Rice; Debevoise & Plimpton. I'm proficient at leadership, detailed oriented, and due dilligence.]
24643412, [I got my master of science   computer science        university of pittsburgh university of pittsburgh   master of science in computer science in computer science from state university of new york. As a Senior Associate Programmer, I worked from January 1990 to March 1994. And my major duty is and Poughkeepsie, NY Systems Test Lead and OS/2 developer for a large OS/2 project written in C to manage the TPF operating system. This included extensive Presentation Manager and Database Manager knowledge. This was a LAN based system and some communications programming was included. Also did some 370 Assembler programming for the TPF operating system. Additional Programming January 1979 - July 1984 Defense Industry Programmed for defense contractors in Virginia, Maryland and New York mostly using the UNIX operating system, with C, Extended Basic and Fortran. This work was mostly classified; some was real-time analysis for submarine warfare. One 2-year project was mapping for the Defense Mapping Agency. I'm proficient at sql server, casi rusco, and rexx.]
69181350, [I got my master   s   business administration marketing management in business administration marketing management from christ university india. As a Intern, I worked from April 2008 to June 2008. And my major duty is The Goldman Sachs is leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net- worth individuals.) Investment Banking Operations: Worked with the team Treasury of Goldman Sachs to understand the key investment banking operations and studied the effectiveness of key investment banking operations.. Recommended a revision of the current threshold amount for inbound and outbound claims (interest claims, market fines and use of funds) resulting in a 58% increase in productivity of treasury team and reducing the total number of claims by 72%. I'm proficient at investment management, consulting, and concise.]
18856440, [I got my nail technician training degree city   state lane community college high school diploma   ged in accounting   business from springfield college of beauty. As a Nail Technician, I worked from December 1998 to April 2002. And my major duty is Owned and operated nail salon, performed manicuring/pedicuring services on clients.. Managed all business operations of the nail salon firm such as billing, client contact database, supplies and stock.. Educated clients about their nail care tips between follow up visits.. Responded to customer inquiries in a friendly and professional manner.. Greeted all guests and assisted them with requests and special services.. Showed appreciation to resort guests by thanking them for their business.. Organized salon paperwork and office files.. Monitored and tracked salon product contracts and deliveries.. Worked a flexible schedule to accommodate salon needs. I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, data entry, and microsoft word.]
15433732, [I got my bachelor   business and english literature in business and english literature from aoyama gakuin university. As a Japan Marketing Manager, Product Manager, I worked from 05/1988 to now.And my major duty is Successfully launched. 3+ Open for Macintosh by developing and implementing MRD and integrated marketing plans as Product Manager. Collaborating with Japan Country Manager on Japan Business Development, developed and managed marketing programs for channel partners and OEMs. Successfully assisted Country Manager in selling $3 million OEM license.  Successfully assisted CEO in identifying and recruiting the first CEO for 3COM Japan. I'm proficient at content collateral web design with adobe creative suite, javascript, and ms office.]
15281412, [I got my bachelor   s business administration in computer science from ursinus college. As a Application Staff Specialist, I worked from 04/1986 to now.And my major duty is Managed/ Developed FICO rule applications using Templates, Decision tables, Rule Sets, Patterns, while integrating SRL code to provide viable business solutions in developing work flow authority levels to processing units, and pertinent policy information to Underwriters.. Responsible for developing System, Product rule sets which directed system entry and product availability to both internal users and outside insurance agencies. System successfully routed small market agents to use selected products and lines of business for quicker issuance of Harleysville policies. Small Market rule processes created less call center interaction with agents and generated over $300K in small market premiums in one quarter.. Developed/Maintained Web Services for Underwriting Rules Engine. By integrating Commercial lines and Agent Portal data with Blaze (Fair Isaac), rules engine output enhancing Underwriters ability to analyze data in English terms and establish profitable decisions for each policy submitted. Applications consisted of Insurance System/ Product Determination and Underwriting Binding Authority interfaces. Services developed with Visual Studio 2010, C# .Net wrappers integrated XML business objects with Blaze rules software.. Developed windows console application for unit testing FICO rules. Testing Framework allowed user to enter test cases through Excel and create XML file input invoking specific Insurance rules. Application increased Business Analyst productivity by allowing more time for writing business rules and less time correcting defects within integration test phase. Software developed with C#, Visual Studio .Net and Microsoft programmability InterOp.. Researched/Developed Insurance New Business and Endorsement object models for Policy Binding Authority. Arranged planning sessions with Data Modelers, and Business Analyst to develop schemas using Visual Studio XSD and XML structures.. Managed Team Foundation Server deployments for .Net and SQL Database changes. Experienced with Visual Studio TFS source control and Data Backlog Items.. Coordinated group meetings, multiple project production implementations with developers concerning deployment strategies and project implementation dates.. Designed object models, and system determination process flows.. Designed SDLC documentation and deployment procedures for production implementations.. Coded .net web services unit testing and analyzing rules requests with proper rules response validating specific rules processes.. Managed SQL Server Database valid values table, updating and inserting data rows. Table provided data translation from outside vendor to internal values used by Underwriting Rules Engine.. Utilized SQL Server 2008 management system.. Developed Legacy mainframe IT specifications for system enhancements related to Agent Portal initiatives.. Provided IT technical leadership for legacy mainframe, Quality Assurance using SDLC methodology, Architecture design and implementation of CICS web based applications with DB2 relational database interfaces. I'm proficient at javascript, microsoft c net framework, and technical leadership.]
15699744, [I got my b   a   marketing in marketing from vanguard university city   state. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at microsoft office excel, powerpoint iwork numbers, and word.]
28951817, [I got my bachelor of science   community health in community health from college of dupage   city. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 05/2015 to 08/2016. And my major duty is Performed general office duties, including answering multi-line phones, routing telephone calls or messages to appropriate staff, greeting the public, typing, proofreading, filing, sorting and handling incoming and outgoing mail.. Assist the event coordinator with organizing fundraising events and compiled informational packets for potential donors.. Participated in marketing and outreach and other visibility efforts, as requested. I'm proficient at fluent in english and urdu, planning and development, and time management.]
38165833, [I got my  in san jacinto college from san jacinto college. As a Manager, And my major duty is Prevention of Inter-modal equip-									ment.. Retired) Assembler Chrysler Automotive  	McDonald Aircraft Co.	Long Beach, Calif.	Assembler on DC 8 Aircraft 	General Telephone Co.	Long Beach, Calif.	Central Office Computers Tech. I'm proficient at office, read, and consolidations.]
13586069, [I got my master of health administration in business administration   marketing from university of missouri. As a Marketing Manager, I worked from Jun 2011 to Aug 2013. And my major duty is Created and developed online marketing strategy with integrated website to improve lead generation and minimize response time.. Measurable impact included an increase of new unit sales by 35% and being awarded first place in district growth in 2012.. Leveraged marketing analytics on existing customer database to better align departmental sales promotion with customer demographics and seasonality demand.. Directly sold major units to customers and consistently awarded for performance in both volume and margin levels.. Project manager for implementation of customer reward systems software which included a proof of concept, funding request, installation, training, and post installation ma nagement.. Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in multiple departments. I'm proficient at ma, marketing strategy, and sharepoint.]
30083884, [I got my architecture in architecture from university of houston. As a Branch Office Manager / Business Development Manager, And my major duty is Launched branch office of major Construction Firm.. Developed new business contacts, and in working with existing clients, expanded additional work on several projects as scope changed in business process. I'm proficient at consulting, architect, and next.]
51432451, [I got my mba in business administration   management from itt   technical institute. As a SYSTEM ENGINEER - Project Implementation, I worked from 05/2010 to now.And my major duty is CernerWorks Project Implementation Backend support of servers operating on Linux, AIX, HP-UX, and occasional VMS systems.. Support service pack installation and continued maintenance of solutions, and infrastructure.. Identify where applications are having performance/reliability issues; analyzes and formulate a proposed method to correct issues.. Perform domain replicate/refreshes from a production environment to a non-production environment.. Work through a queue of Service Requests to resolve issues the client reported or that other internal teams encountered.. Worked with other internal architects to resolve more complicated issues.. Manage end user access and privileges including group 0 access, creation of user profiles, and custom lists.. Support the maintenance of specific clients and their servers/application needs including after-hours work.. Build various servers including Websphere, RRD, Chart and Citrix Servers.. Coordinate with client for the testing of environment functionality as well as service pack installs and the subsequent downtimes.. Completed numerous service package installs for non-production clients and for testing partners.. Maintain long-term support and management; troubleshoot and resolve issues daily. I'm proficient at leadership, citrix, and consulting.]
31169070, [I got my master   s degree   computer science in physics from university of south carolina. As a Sr. Applications Analyst Programmer, I worked from 11/1997 to 12/2000. And my major duty is Designed, developed and tested applications using Centura/SQL Windows as the frontend and Oracle as the backend.. Translated business requirements into technical specifications.. Formed a part of the core group on several teams for customizing and deploying the company's base P & C Insurance system Implemented Aviation, Tourism and Garage Liability lines of business for Sul America using Centura as the front end and Oracle as the back end.. Implemented Lead and Asbestos as well as Engineering lines of business for Zurich American using SQL Windows as front end and Oracle as the back end Formed a part of the core group of a successful team that implemented an  insurance/auto-warranty system for General Motors Corporation using Centura Developer for the front-end and Oracle as the back-end Participated in responding to RFP's as an SME Led the conversion of a 16-bit WPC (P&C Insurance) system as a technical advisor to its 32-bit version Mentored junior level staff on application development efforts. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and languages.]
29723311, [I got my bachelor of business administration in business administration and management from general university of mary hardin   baylor. As a General Manager, I worked from 07/2011 to 11/2017. And my major duty is To manage operations of a Papa John's.. Responsible for overall operations     of the restaurant, which include overseeing the staff, monitoring inventory,     purchasing equipment and supplies, and ensuring quality customer service     and compliance with all food and beverage regulations.. Trains, hires, and     schedules other employees.. Requires a high school diploma or its equivalent     and 4-6 years of related experience.. Familiar with a variety of the field's     concepts, practices, and procedures.. Relies on extensive experience and     judgment to plan and accomplish goals.. Performs a variety of tasks.. Leads     and directs the work of others.. A wide degree of creativity and spontaneity is     expected.. Typically reports to top management (District Operator). I'm proficient at technical support, preventive and reparative maintenance, and mechanical systems.]
22485475, [I got my bachelors of art in psychology   family studies from university of new mexico. As a Interim Director/ Program Manager / Grant Writer, I worked from 06/2004 to 01/2015. And my major duty is Assure AIC and its mission (to empower the Albuquerque Urban Native American community and others through provisions of wrap-around services designed to promote wellness, education, self-sufficiency and tradition), programs and services are consistently presented in a strong positive imagery to relevant stakeholders and throughout the community.. Oversees fundraising, planning and implementation, including identifying resource requirements, researching funding sources, establishing strategies to approach funders, submitting proposals and administrating fundraising records and documentation.. 1 Oversee, monitor and apply for funding yearly with contracts awarded from the following: NM Indian Affairs Department, NM Department of Health, City of Albuquerque, Navajo Nations and various foundations (Otten, Kellogg, First Nations, etc).. Plan, organize and implement yearly events for the community such as: Summer Solstice, Back to School, Feed the Children, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and yearly Job/Health Fairs.. Evaluate the work of staff and volunteers to ensure that programs are of appropriate quality and that resources are used effectively.. Recruit, interview, and hire or sign up volunteers and staff.. Serve on Community Committees to promote healthy families and children to reduce poverty, unemployment, substance abuse and domestic violence.. Maintain and seek new relations with state Senators, Representatives and other state officials to promote information/ education on AIC and the impact of services upon the Urban Native American community.. Current status in regards to grant funding obtained - approximately $300,000 + in funding awarded by state, city, foundations and the Navajo Nations. I'm proficient at media relations, department of health, and microsoft word.]
22556198, [I got my doctor of philosophy in sociology from loyola university chicago. As a PROJECT CO-COORDINATOR, And my major duty is Planned, directed and executed the Women, Infant, and Children (WIC) Nutrition and Health Survey in Chicago using a National Institutes of Health grant.. Scheduled and supervised 12 data collectors at six sites.. In so doing, accelerated participant recruitment by identifying and correcting common misinterpretations of survey's purpose, risks, and benefits.. Identified equipment needs, worked with principal investigator to develop data collection/information management system, compiled and delivered data collection packets, and on biweekly basis made purchase requests averaging $100.. Evaluated program activities for compliance with organizational, state and federal guidelines.. Recruited, interviewed, and hired 400 survey participants; recorded contracts and mailed financial incentives totaling more than $2,000. I'm proficient at direction, receiving, and benefits.]
30863060, [I got my b   s   degree   information management systems in information management systems from . As a Business Analyst, I worked from 09/1999 to now.And my major duty is Interrogated data for domestic and international banks and credit unions including Fifth Third Manipulated large financial datasets and utilized complex queries for data transformations Cross departmental collaboration for software development as subject matter expert (SME) Collaborated with team members and clients to gather and document project requirements Acted as liaison between clients and technical teams to aid in go-live transition Created functional and technical specifications according to BRDs Created Logical and Physical Data Models utilizing ERWIN Developed and enhanced reports using SAP Business Objects with PL/SQL, SQL, and Oracle Generated business reports including matrix, parameter reports, charts, with drill down functions Integrated developed reports into SQL and Oracle based ERP environments Designed and conducted technical knowledge transfer sessions at various client sites. I'm proficient at sharepoint, imc, and business objects.]
78016758, [I got my associate degree in communication communication from university of stellenbosch and nelson mandela metropolitan university. As a Lead Application Engineer, And my major duty is Responsible for designing and engineering unified communication solutions.. Lead Lync Application Engineer.. Completed migration from OCS 2007 R2 300 user deployment to on-premise Lync 2010 deployment for 25K user capacity with IM, presence, group chat, federation, PIC, audio-video collaboration and Cisco/Tandberg integration functionality.. Also completed acquisition and integration of Morgan Keegan's Lync 2010 environment.. Designed Lync 2013 architecture and completed Polycom integration with RMX and DMA infrastructure.. Additional responsibilities include mobile device management solutions deign and implementations, including Blackberry, Good, ActiveSync and MobileIron. I'm proficient at engineer, citrix, and enterprise.]
12897903, [I got my  in business administration from management holmes community college   city   state master of science   counseling education and education psychology psychology mississippi state university counseling education and education psychology psychology bachelor of science   business administration college of business and professional studies. As a Human Resource Assistant, I worked from Jun 2003 to Sep 2007. And my major duty is Worked quickly and efficiently, with minimal oversight, to accomplish assigned duties.. Improved accuracy of payroll journal entries by developing and implementing a payroll reconciliation tool.. Accurately processed data, validation and transmission for weekly, semi-monthly and sale payrolls.. Prepared and filed sales and use tax returns, telecommunications tax returns, gross receipts returns, franchise tax returns, annual reports and other miscellaneous filings. I'm proficient at training, rovided assistance in resume building, and created.]
34875813, [I got my bachelor of arts   international economics in international economics from university of california   los angeles. As a Analyst, And my major duty is Developed financial models to determine cost and benefit to the agency of implementing tax-qualified pension plans ·  Presented results of analyses to agency's board and key decision makers ·  Advised clients with regards to the analysis, design, implementation, and administration of government pension plans ·  Maintained direct contact with the client to establish excellent communication during the marketing and implementation process ·  Acted as project manager for special consulting projects involving actuarial reporting requirements, pension program evaluation, and plan funding requirements ·  Worked closely with Pacific Life Insurance Company to obtain annuity rates and premiums ·  Responsible for supervising activities of other pension analysts to ensure seamless implementation of programs. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and marketing strategy.]
11333660, [I got my ph   d   international relations in international relations from south dakota state university. As a Associate Lecturer/PhD Candidate, And my major duty is Research student with a topical expertise in security policy, peace building and identity construction in failed states, specifically Afghanistan, with an eye toward understanding the role of historical interactions to contemporary foreign policy and security debates.. Historical and contemporary documentary research/ analysis.. Plan, organize and deliver undergraduate lectures and seminars.. Attend and present papers to seminars, conferences and workshops.. Marine Security Guard.And my major duty is Top Secret Security Clearance [Expired] Provided internal security for personnel, property and classified materials at United States Embassies overseas.. Vigilance regarding potential regional threats as regards extremism, terrorism, governmental instability, unrest and etc.. Successfully organized and hosted two annual Marine Corps Balls, each with a budget of $40,000+ with diplomatic, government, and business involvement.. Responsible for managing Marine Welfare and Recreation fund: organize and oversee diplomatic and community functions.. Prior to acceptance into Marine Security Guard program, served in 0331 MOS (Infantry - Machinegunner) at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and newsletters.]
21366189, [I got my mca in bsc math from vivekananda college. As a Associate Consultant, And my major duty is Installation of Oracle software on Linux boxes Creating tablespaces and database files based on the OFA model.. Managing database security and creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges as required by the application Administration of Oracle 10g Application Server.. Performance tuning of using Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, RDA, and STATSPACK.. Applying Patches for backend Changes Monitoring Backup Schedules.. Provided 24x7 on call production support Database Reorganizations to reduce fragmentations.. Monitoring alert logs, trace files to check Database health and corruption. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and processes.]
32637306, [I got my master of international affairs in international politics and economics from columbia university   school of international   public affairs. As a Senior Account Executive, I worked from 01/2001 to now.And my major duty is Managed day-to-day media relations activities for a mortgage bank in the corporate communications practice; conducted rapid response and generated coverage in publications, such as The Wall Street Journal, CNNMoney, American Banker, among others. I'm proficient at speakers bureau, executive platform development, and executive positioning communications.]
71888547, [I got my bachelors of science in health promotions   clinical from liberty university. As a Head Server, I worked from August 2007 to April 2011. And my major duty is In charge of 5-7 servers during a given shift.. Tended to my own restaurant guests as well as others.. Monitored responsibilities of other servers.. Go-to person without having to involve managers unless necessary. I'm proficient at attention to detail, pos system, and legal documents.]
29770086, [I got my master   s degree of arts in english from stony brook university. As a Interactive Consumer Marketing Manager, I worked from Nov 2008 to Jun 2009. And my major duty is Developed and directed strategy for launch of new Optimum Auto product that became #1 in the market place  for the next 11 months after launch.. Solely drove online traffic through PPC and SEO resulting in $4 million in Auto sales in only 3 months.. Branded Optimum Homes campaign  and launched with promotions, blog and multi-media to drive revenue by 60%.. Executed hands-on SEO/SEM/PPC/SMO optimization of all large company sites, email campaigns and analytics for newsletters, Press Releases and Ad placement. I'm proficient at salesforce com, and writing proposals, and agile.]
99714410, [I got my mba in mba from fairleigh dickinson university. As a President & CEO, I worked from January 1984 to January 1987. And my major duty is Full profit and loss responsibility for all multi-pant building and industrial multi-products international manufacturing operations consisting of 3 manufacturing plants in the United States, a wholly owned subsidiary in Canada and a joint venture in England.. Made a strategic acquisition, with 400 employees, and integration to expand product line and utilize the same marketing channels and integration into the organization.. Worked with the company's senior management team based in the United States, Canada, and England to establish goals and key performance indicators and driving metrics in an effort to reverse shrinking market share, decrease operating costs, and create positive cash flow.. EBIT increased by 325% and revenues by 285%. I'm proficient at cash flow, leadership, and processes.]
39441617, [I got my master of science   computer science in security from georgia institute of technology. As a Communications Specialist, And my major duty is Specialist with Law Firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher and as IT Manager with CPA Firm Crutchley, Marginot and Tosi.. Provided WAN, LAN and Server Management as well as OS and network installs, upgrades and migrations and systems.. implementations. I'm proficient at certified novell engineer, citrix, and finance.]
12374933, [I got my bachelor of science   information technology   network engineering in  from stratford university city   state   us associate of applied science   network management and security stratford university. As a Contractor, And my major duty is Provided Tier 1 technical support to 300 end users with hardware, software, and application problems.. Installed, upgraded, and maintained desktop and portable computer hardware, software, printers, and peripherals.. Updated and maintained the automated recall information system using Access database.. Handled between 30-40 incoming calls on a daily basis, created tickets and gathered information to resolve or escalate technical issues. I'm proficient at wise, citrix, and lead engineer.]
20176584, [I got my bachelor of science   industrial technology in industrial technology from community college of the us air force city. As a Technical Sergeant - E6, I worked from 06/1978 to now.And my major duty is Performed specialized Technical Maintenance for the Titan II and the Peacekeeper - MX Missile Systems. Top Secret Clearance-Inactive. I'm proficient at haccp certified, manufacturing engineering, and infrastructure development.]
32433431, [I got my  in communication studies from st   edward   s university. As a Account Executive and Media Consultant, And my major duty is Consultative outside sales position requiring organization, self-motivation and time management skills.. Consistently achieved objectives for revenue generation through print, online and search engine advertising sales.. Responsible for prospect generation, along with all aspects of account development and retention. I'm proficient at leads, and account, and in sales.]
88691367, [I got my bachelor of arts in economics accounting from montclair state college. As a Senior Accountant, I worked from May 1992 to March 1999. And my major duty is Gained valuable exposure to construction, real estate, insurance, legal, and granite/marble industries while preparing financial reports and managing staff accountant team in tax and audit operations.. Presented and monitored percentage of completion contracts along with pension and profit sharing plans with detailed reporting tools. I'm proficient at insurance, general ledger, and balance.]
17025292, [I got my management information systems information systems technology in management information systems information systems technology from auburn university sargeant community college. As a Computer Lab Educator, I worked from 06/2005 to 06/2006. And my major duty is Resolve computer lab user incidents; Troubleshoot networking & PC incidents in classrooms and lab; Timely, accurate escalation of critical technology incidents; PC component troubleshooting & replacement (hard drives, CD-ROM, ribbon cables, etc.); Assist students with lab assignments. I'm proficient at citrix, hard drives, and ibm.]
23302948, [I got my ph   d   civil engineering in chemistry from university of south florida. As a Geophysical survey assistant, I worked from November 2004 to July 2005. And my major duty is Line-up cables and place geophones for geophysical surveys. Assist in equipment and personnel transportation to field sites. I'm proficient at good understanding of log and core analyses, history matching and production forecast, and petra.]
24828381, [I got my masters   health administration in health administration from prairie state college. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at radio, nursing, and technician.]
38896303, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in psychology from nyack college. As a Sales / Purchasing, I worked from January 1996 to April 1997. And my major duty is Identified prospective customers using lead generating methods. Responsible for creating and implementing advertisements and promotions. Developed price catalog and marketing materials for distribution and in house reference. Worked closely with CEO in developing sales strategies. Managed purchasing and receiving of store inventory. Installed network cable, switches and routers. I'm proficient at php, software support filemaker pro, and tcp ip.]
31217840, [I got my bachelor of science   network and communication management in network and communication management from devry university city. As a Warehouse Dock Specialist / Trainer, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Unloaded and loaded trailers with freight and ensured all necessary paperwork was attached to each shipment of freight. Dispatched loaded freight trucks out to yard or for delivery. Trained new dock workers on proper handling of freight and forklift driving. Ensured OSHA regulations was enforced on a continuous basis I'm proficient at business requirements, itil, and waterfall.]
38399177, [I got my bachelor of science in health sciences from southern new hampshire university. As a Field Operations Manager, And my major duty is Trained and promoted continued education for all 20 members.. Offered technical assistance to support operations and training.. Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that records and policies adhered to           specifications and initiated corrective actions.. Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all diving           personnel. I'm proficient at leadership, direction, and employee training.]
19161572, [I got my bachelor   computer information systems in computer information systems from thomas college. As a Computer Technician, I worked from June 2002 to August 2003. And my major duty is Maintained uptime of computer network and database systems for students and facility.. Ran wiring and cabling for entire network in schools.. Consulted with faculty that had computer issues. I'm proficient at a certification, office, and a.]
29647215, [I got my bachelor of arts in information technology from business point park university. As a Financial/Data Analyst, I worked from September 2000 to October 2002. And my major duty is Lead finance department in performing monthly statistical analyses and provided summary of techniques used. Assisted with monthly QA testing within the Production domain. Trained new hires on various computer software used by the Health Plan.. Assisted data warehouse team on special projects such as: redesigns; reconfiguration; business architect (define rules).. Performed monthly statistical analyses; provided summary of techniques used. Performed QA testing on production data; production loads; monthly loads.. Instrumental in quality testing and validating accuracy of production data. Analyzed claims expense to determine trends and provide key information to senior management, account managers and provider network specialists. Created requirements and functional design documentation, tested cases and scripts, executed test plans. Monitored Health Plan operating performance against benchmarks and world-class standards. Recognized basic financial issues; researched issues; properly weighed theoretical and practical considerations in addressing issues. Responsible for financial reporting; month-end closing and financial analysis. Trainer for educating Health Plan employees on various computer software in a classroom setting I'm proficient at documenting, writing test, and finance.]
73075521, [I got my b   s   microbiology in microbiology from michigan state university. As a Microbiology- Laboratory Technician, I worked from 06/2007 to 09/2008. And my major duty is Maintained laboratory instruments and developed new laboratory equipment.. Organized lab test solutions, compounds, and reagents.. Routinely calibrated scales to minimize leakage due to calibration errors.. Determined equipment operating efficiency.. Interpreted test results and developed nonstandard tests.. Maintained records for Michigan Department of Health audits.. Ordered chemicals for analysis and prepared reagents for analysis.. Recorded test results using a variety of chemistry-specific software programs.. Operated wet methods and instrumentation analysis.. Accurately inventoried lab chemicals and supplies.. Collaborated with business units for cost model analysis.. Created a rapid screening and testing factory to find acceptable materials.. Steered process development experiments in the lab and support scale-up processes.. Computed taxes owed by applying prescribed rates, laws and regulations.. Complied with Good Laboratory Practices and Title 21 CFR Part 11. I'm proficient at citrix, transcription, and department of health.]
17983957, [I got my master of science   management in management from alabama a   m university. As a PROJECT LEAD, And my major duty is Provided technical support for Central office as well as all site offices, which included Windows        2000/XP, Windows 2000/2003 server operating systems.. Served as Project Manager for 18-month private branch exchange (PBX) to voice over internet        protocol (VoIP) conversion project.. Served as the single point of contact for all data and network and communication design        development, installation, documentation and problem resolution.. Completed maintenance, troubleshooting and documentation of network architectures including:        Cisco Switches, Routers, Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) and firewalls.. Monitored and administered print, file application and email servers.. Implemented and        maintained network security and policy. I'm proficient at technical support, program design and evaluation, and configuration management.]
20314980, [I got my bs in business from brigham young university. As a ExxonMobil - Senior Systems Technical Analyst, I worked from Sep 2002 to Sep 2005. And my major duty is Responsible for technical application delivery and infrastructure for over 100,000 desktops worldwide.. Provided Level 3 technical support for engineers and geoscientists around the world.. Supplied task-driven scripts for User Support Engineers and Data Management staff.. Worked with end users to identify application requirements and created and deployed solutions to them.. Managed 3 different teams on the largest IT project at ExxonMobil, repackaging over 5000 applications into MSI format and rolling out XP to 100,000 desktops.. Developed a program to automate SMS deployment which resulted in over $200,000 in annual savings and increased customer satisfaction due to faster application delivery.. Managed the Conflict Resolution team and reduced manpower on team from 5 to 1 through strict process and best practice design, saving over $300,000 in contractor costs during the XP rollout project.. Led a team of 5 employees on the Application Deployment team.. Implemented a Recycle Coordinator Queue to perform root-cause analysis which cut costly application failures in production from 80% to 20% in a matter of 2 months resulting in savings of over $280,000.. Learned Active Directory in 2 weeks and subsequently trained over 75 people on its use.. Repackaged over 60 applications in a year, was assigned the most difficult apps and quickly completed them.. Trained new employees who became solid performers.. Built the Application Stewardship team from the ground up utilizing 10 contractors and 1 employee.. Documented and developed all processes and best practices.. Team exceeded initial goal of completing 1 app every 2 days by completing more than 1 application per day.. Promoted to a new level in just 2 years.. Leveraged existing programming skills to learn Perl.. Produced an SMS script to assist supervisors in recovering license costs when personnel transfers occurred saving thousands of dollars in unused licenses. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and technical support.]
21512769, [I got my mph in community medicine from bangladesh medical college. As a Consultant, And my major duty is Identified Growth Monitoring and Promotion (GMP) program implementation deficits and suggested   recommendations for improvement Reviewed available project documentation to locate potential program gaps Conducted multiple field visits to four districts in southwest to observe and provide technical input to ongoing child nutrition activities with specific focus on GMP sessions Located gaps in program participation, and data reporting and monitoring Presented research findings at multiple points in time to relevant stakeholders and program officials.And my major duty is Helped organize an initiative to prevent arsenicosis in Jalla, district of Brahminbaria.. Dr.. Rahman helped create public awareness of arsenic poisoning, encouraged people to drink arsenic free water to prevent arsenicosis, and helped organize an arsenic-free water delivery system to meet the community needs in collaboration with community stakeholders.. Helped provide poor residents of Jalla free medical resources.. Dr.. Rahman gathered and distributed medical supplies, and provided physical examinations and consultations in collaboration with another physician.. Public Health Campaign Volunteer, September 1998- May 2003 UNICEF & WHO in Bangladesh Participated in a campaign for creating awareness of ante-natal check-up and educating mothers to be about the importance of breastfeeding after child birth in rural Dhaka.. Dr.. Rahman conducted physical examinations, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.. Worked for the Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI), a program aimed at reducing mortality and morbidity from preventable diseases through vaccinations in many rural areas of Bangladesh.. Dr.. Rahman volunteered for five years during her medical studies and administered DPT, MMR, & BCG vaccinations, while speaking to residents and creating awareness.And my major duty is Actively participated in community teaching programs about Eclampsia in rural Bangladesh.. Eclampsia is a common problem due to lack of health awareness, health education, poverty, and superstitious beliefs.. As a result of this campaign, Eclampsia was significantly reduced throughout Bangladesh.. Dr.. Rahman helped educate women about maternal health, provided treatment and follow-up services, and disseminated information.. Worked for a campaign on the use of ORS (Oral Rehydration Solution) to reduce the death rate due to diarrhea followed by severe dehydration in rural Bangladesh.. This campaign resulted in a reduction in the child mortality rate due to diarrhea and severe dehydration significantly.. Dr.. Rahman helped create awareness among the local communities through community engagement, provided educational resources, and helped distribute ORS kits.. Red Crescent Society of Bangladesh Worked on multiple blood donation campaigns in Dhaka.. Dr.. Rahman helped collect blood that was donated, gathered and documented medical history of donors, and provided medical information as requested.. Physician (Family Medicine), with Dr.. Shahina Motalib, Dhaka, Bangladesh, September 2003- May 2005 Dr.. Rahman treated patients, provided physical examinations, consultations, and follow-up services. I'm proficient at molecular biology, speaking, and ob gyn.]
21568833, [I got my b   s   accounting in accounting from city university of new york. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at finance, insurance, and bc.]
27726066, [I got my bachelor   s degree   arts   economics in arts   economics from university of mumbai arts   economics. As a Executive, HR & Payroll, I worked from January 2008 to January 2011. And my major duty is I was single point of contact as representative for 2000 employees for esteemed clients like Managed phases of recruitment like understanding job vacancies from client, posting job on job boards, screening candidate and taking interviews.. Processing salary of all esteemed clients and submitting the final salary register to accounts as per the time frame and ensuring timely disbursement of salary and expense reimbursement and also taking into account the statutory compliances deductions.. Reconciliation with accounts for payouts released Timely raising salary invoice to clients for payment process.. Preparation of Wage registers, Muster Roll and Leave cards as per the specified Acts.. Maintaining good relations with clients and was having personal meetings with staffers and clients at regular intervals.. Achievements: Appreciation letter received from Lobo Staffing Solutions Pvt.. Ltd for contributing in areas beyond roles and responsibilities and initiative taken for supporting department Managers for completion of work. I'm proficient at bi, staffing, and benefits.]
91189201, [I got my master of business administration in business technology from the michael g   foster school of business. As a Technology & Product Analyst, And my major duty is Client: An American publishing and financial information firm). Owned development, testing and maintenance of 4 mission critical Web Services that powered a Web based product that generated over $5M in annual revenue. Won "Beyond the Call of Duty" award for outstanding effort.. Proposed methods to speed up online financial news search feature of client's Web product and presented to Vice President of Technology, resulting in a project win worth $0.9M for Infosys.. Developed a software to filter out redundant information from enterprise databases, eliminated manual processes and saved $550K per annum for the client. Received highest client satisfaction rating for the project. I'm proficient at satisfaction, security, and vmware.]
95429627, [I got my masters in business administration   business administration gore school of business   city   state   us masters in business administration gore school of business westminster college   salt lake city   ut bachelors   accounting in accounting from westminster college. As a Co-Founder, I worked from 01/2005 to Current. And my major duty is National on-site hair and makeup service with local salon, Studio Enizio annual sales of $500K. Secured cash financing, manage daily cash flows, inventory optimizations, payroll, and federal and state tax filings. I'm proficient at training, salesforce com, and content creation.]
12526702, [I got my bachelor of science in electrical engineering from northeastern. As a Reliability Engineer, I worked from 04/1990 to now.And my major duty is Prepared the Company's Quality and reliability Metrics of all products, safety and hazard analysis, failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA), reliability metrics, and system assurance analysis (SAA). Prepared product complaints information reports, medical device reports (MDR).. Monitored products reliability, maintainability, and availability.. Performed System criticality assessment (SCA) on several products. Analyzed acceptance of incoming material and in-process material, product return information, and product investigations.. Wrote test procedures and maintained the Quality Control database.. Executed and troubleshot Reliability Test plans.. Performed Reliability data analysis and reports distribution. I'm proficient at orcadd, risk assessment, and interface design.]
92246939, [I got my master of arts   business organizational security management   december         gpa   gpa          business organizational security management gpa          military mobile protection course   gryphon security group      hours        high risk personnel course   quantico   va        hours        first sergeants course   el toro   ca        hours        advanced staff non commissioned officers course   distinguished graduate   el toro   ca       hours        marine air ground task force intelligence course   distinguished graduate   navy and marine corps intelligence training center   va       hours        imagery interpretation course   distinguished graduate   goodfellow air force base   tx         hours          naval gunfire school   city   state    hours   masters degree webster university bs   general studies psychology in general studies psychology from columbia college. As a Command Sergeant Major, I worked from May 2003 to October 2005. And my major duty is 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit (Special Operations Capable) MEU (SOC) , First 	Marine Expeditionary Unit,  Camp Pendleton, CA.. Acted as the Senior Enlisted Leader, responsible for the mentoring of over 2,800 Marines and Sailors for combat operations in Iraq.. Developed Tactics Techniques and Procedures to support current engagements in both theaters for Counter Improvised Explosive Device awareness.. Aggressively trained and Instructed Marines and Sailors on all weapons systems organic to the MEU (SOC).. Acted as the Liaison between the Amphibious Ready Group (ARG) and the MEU (SOC) throughout 2 combat deployments.. Oversight of combat operations and relief efforts for Iraqi people in Anbar Province; included IED attacks, deploying dismounted patrols in support of operations and oversight of humanitarian relief.. He was directly involved in the planning and execution phases for combat operations involving over three thousand Marines and Sailors.. Served two tours in Iraq.. Personally directed on site relief operations in response for the Tsunami in Sumatra, Indonesia.. Provided around the clock support to relief effort and coordinated with US, Sumatran, Australian government agencies, as well as Non-Governmental organizations on scene.. Subject matter expert, instructor/writer, firearms instructor, small and large group leader for planning and implementing protective services operations required to maintain military protective services; completed Antiterrorism Evasive Driving Course, given by Gryphon Security Group.. Utilized operational expertise and knowledge of educational and training principles, and techniques to present instruction in: Dismounted Patrols, concepts, organization, and employment of tactics, units and weapons employment, critical operational techniques and specialized physical and technical skills required of protective services detail members.. Utilized military weapons expertise and skill to conduct weapons training.. Acted as the Range Safety Officer while Embarked aboard U.S Navy vessel.. Possess extensive knowledge on the doctrinal writing process for both the Army and the Marine Corps.. Performed duties as an integral member with CEHC for over four years, focusing on Defeat the Device (DtD) LOE, capability gap analysis, and supporting CIED efforts.. Has assessed or analyzed over 40 capability gaps as well as numerous Doctrine, Organization, Training, Materiel, Leadership, Personnel, and Facilities (DOTMLPF) assessments over four years.. Was an integral member of the Search Instructor team at CEHC, instructing both Marines and Soldiers preparing to deploy to Theater for combat operations.. Developed and refined the process for gathering and tracking critical material system requirements and related information as well as the related processes to conduct capability gap analysis that is clearly articulated to the Army CIED leadership.. This effort is by managing the consolidation of all Joint Urgent Operational Needs Statements (JUONS) for the CEHC.. Served on 5 MEU (SOC) deployments and several overseas tours throughout my 30 year career.. Assisted in the planning and execution of military operations, from platoon through Marine Expeditionary Force (MEF) levels, with safety continually in mind.. Performed numerous risk assessments for the safety and welfare of Marines/Sailors and their facilities during peacetime and combat operations.. Has developed an extensive network of contacts throughout the United States Army as well as the United States Marine Corps to assist in the Defeat the Device Working Group. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and instructor.]
48533663, [I got my master of arts   healthcare administration in business administration from connecticut college. As a Interim Administrator, OR Manager, and Materials manager/ Business Office Manager, I worked from 07/2000 to 10/2004. And my major duty is Interim Administrator for two, six month engagements,  managing entire ambulatory surgery center, staff and worked with corporate in managing P&L and Balance sheet matters.. Acted as Operating Room manager and Materials Manager for six months, during search for new Nurse Manager, made sure that all resources were allocated for each operating room during surgeries based on schedules.. Managed clinical operations, staff, operating rooms, schedules and all supply ordering.. Converted company from a Limited Partnership with HealthSouth to a Limited Liability Corporation, completely owned by physicians.Including, benefit transition, accounts receivable, accounts payable, etc., without increasing expense to members.. JCAHO accreditation with zero issues. I'm proficient at asc administrator mentoring, accreditation preparation, and multiple facility management and oversight.]
38457612, [I got my computer science   engg in computer science   engg from jawaharlal institute of technology. As a System Engineer, And my major duty is Hardware & network Support) Vishnuprayag Joshimath in Uttranchal. I'm proficient at enterprise, symantec, and network support.]
27788376, [I got my bachelor of arts   arts in history      university of illinois at chicago   city   state   usa graduated summa cum laude        gpa master of science   health administration in history from university of illinois. As a Planning Assistant, I worked from Nov 2012 to Feb 2013. And my major duty is Created an analytical framework for identifying and developing financial growth opportunities. .. Kmart and Kohls- I worked both projects simultaneously, both resulted in successful restructuring organization, increased sales resulting in overall revenue growth and new job opportunities. Managed customer service department for the American market. Customers ranged from family owned local markets to national accounts. I'm proficient at financial aptitude with in depth knowledge of sourcing vendors for medical supplies specifically with purchasing and sale of medical supplies, critical thinking proficiency sound decision making abilities in time sensitive situations, and relationship and team building skills with emphasizes in conflict resolution.]
31016926, [I got my masters of business administration in business management and justice studies from baruch college. As a Director of Business Development and Operations, And my major duty is Business Development - Oversaw restaurant investment expansion from 3 to 90+ locations in three states         over five years.. Took the business from red to black in less than one year.. Cultivated relationships with chefs,         venture capitalists and vendors.. Provided expertise in the areas of FOH/BOH flow and design, marketing,         menu development, staff selection, training, opening night launch and post open follow-up.. Helped guide         chefs and VCs on the importance of the overall experience of the customer and understanding how to keep         people coming back, it's more than just the food.. Operations - Ensured all IT, POS systems reported and captured metrics accurately and timely.. Forecasted         and planned future events to ensure staffing, supplies, equipment and resources were appropriate and cost         effective.. Managed office operations including ordered supplies, managed relationships with vendors, and         negotiated new contracts.. Sourced and recruited over 450 employees for company office and restaurant         division. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and program development and implementation.]
43378989, [I got my master   s degree information technology in computer science   information technology from limestone college   city. As a Machinist, CNC Programmer, I worked from Jun 2001 to Dec 2009. And my major duty is Setup fixtures, program CNC machines for plumbing equipment I'm proficient at microsoft visio professional, hard drives, and jsp.]
13454871, [I got my bachelor of technology instrumentation engineering in instrumentation engineering from andhra university college of engineering. As a Manager, I worked from 03/2011 to 08/2013. And my major duty is Built the startup from the scratch to making a revenue of 2 Million rupees an year.. Trained more than 10000 participants in the streams of Robotics, embedded systems and application development.. Worked with Orient Blackswan in making a textbook for students of various universities on presentation skills. I'm proficient at material requirement planning mrp, approval management ame, and inventory inv.]
19936735, [I got my associate of arts in mass communications from lincoln college. As a Operations Director, Brand Manager and On-Air Personality, I worked from January 2001 to November 2009. And my major duty is Executed content delivery for WWDM-FM.. Managed daily operations of WWDM-FM, coordinated promotions for the local sales team and on-air production.. Ranked #1 with Persons both 18-34 and 24-54. I'm proficient at affiliate sales manager, social media integrator, and media consulting and digital content analysis.]
33919379, [I got my doctor of pharmacy in economics from texas a   m university. As a Staff Pharmacist, And my major duty is Pharmacist with diverse experience within the company.  Staffed at a high volume 24 hour store and a clinic store.  As staff pharmacist helped to manage operations, participated in drug utilization review and medication therapy management for multiple stores.  Promoted immunizations and enjoyed patient interaction and counseling. I'm proficient at team building, prescription compounding and dispensing, and microsoft office.]
95350373, [I got my bachelors of art   psychology in psychology from loyola marymount university. As a Clinical Social Worker	 II, I worked from January 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Initiated interventions with identified at risk patients and families, admitted in the maternal child units, neonatal intensive care unit, pediatric unit, medical/surgical unit, icu, ccu and the emergency department.. Assist patients with crisis counseling, end of life issues, reports to local authorities, and other related social service interventions.. Assisted the health education department with CPR re-certification for hospital staff. I'm proficient at health education, discharge planning, and instructor.]
15602094, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from current south university. As a AND MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTInstructor and Consultant, I worked from 09/1992 to 01/1994. And my major duty is with a proven track record of problem solving, training, and business services for small to Fortune 500 Corporations.. RESULTS ORIENTED. Used role playing, simulations, team exercises, group discussions, videos and lectures to instruct participants in a variety of ways.. Assessed training needs through surveys, interviews with employees, focus groups and consultation with managers.. Created an online training program to be used during video training conferences.. Selected and assigned instructors to conduct training seminars.. Clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to all participants.. Addressed all questions from training program participants.. Worked with an average of. [number]. participants per class.. Taught weekly internal software classes to more than. [number]. new users.. Assumed ownership of all training program initiatives. I'm proficient at websites, excellent problem solving abilities, and ms visual c.]
95792386, [I got my master of science in accounting   taxation from san francisco state university. As a Corporate Tax Analyst, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/1998. And my major duty is Analyzed a variety of general ledger accounts and interpreted financial information to derive income/losses           for tax reporting purposes. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and cost analysis.]
28243590, [I got my mba   finance   november      georgetown university   city   state finance        finance club   consulting club     seed   students for eastern european development       fund   raiser   ms   economics in economics from georgetown university   city   state finance        finance club   consulting club     seed   students for eastern european development       fund   raiser   ms   economics   february      varna university school of economics. As a Lecturer, I worked from 01/1987 to 03/1991. And my major duty is Taught a course in Microeconomics.. Participated in a number of  projects on companies' restructuring and regional development issues with 	local enterprises and government agencies. I'm proficient at finance, consulting, and equity.]
14593060, [I got my master of science   master of information systems in electrical engineering from electrical engineering. As a Computer SERVICE Engineer, I worked from January 1991 to November 1994. And my major duty is Designs and implements Local Area Network Systems (i.e.. prepares servers, load application programs, configure switches, routers and firewalls).. Setup and maintain multiple and mixed domain networks Troubleshoots network problems, LAN and WAN Handles all servers and networking Technical Support.. Researches escalated problems and provide solutions as necessary.. Setup and configures Backup and disaster recovery Evaluates new systems and checks product quality.. Provides training to new employees. I'm proficient at certified novell engineer, citrix, and websites.]
13313917, [I got my bachelor of arts in international relations from florida international university. As a Deputy Director, I worked from January 2000 to January 2005. And my major duty is Developed, prioritized projects, and mentored newly created team of 10 lead analysts for Fortune 500 financial services and insurance company.. Performed comprehensive market analysis and industry research related to strategic corporate initiatives and trends. Analyzed, evaluated, and advised on potential mergers and acquisitions.Exercised $2M P&L and budgetary responsibility.. Grew revenue by 20% over previous year by ensuring adequate goal support.. Slashed travel expenditures by 30% by accelerating group cost reductions.. Key player in opening new offices in Asia by identifying industry trends related to market growth. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and enterprise.]
12251115, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from university of north carolina. As a Owner/ Holistic Healer, I worked from Jan 2001 to Jun 2010. And my major duty is Managing private practice working with patients one on one in a therapeutic environment using various modalities for pain management and healing. I'm proficient at mip marketing skills and experience quickbooks and excel experience, dispensary, and operations management.]
20574232, [I got my associate   computer science technology in computer science technology from microcomputer technology institute. As a Senior Workstation Technician, I worked from January 1997 to January 2005. And my major duty is Citrix Administrator Managed AD for accounts.. Install and configure hardware and software for workstations and laptops with Windows NT, 2000 or XP on network for energy trading floor with live market feeds, Reuters and Bloomberg market data.. Used Active directory for support of users and groups.. Support network and client/server applications, shared data storage, proprietary software, and Internet applications and troubleshoot hardware and software issues for end-users throughout corporation. I'm proficient at citrix, desktop support, and symantec.]
12955994, [I got my bachelors program   insurance and risk management in political science and criminology from indiana state university. As a Director of Operations, I worked from 02/1999 to 10/2013. And my major duty is Initiated programs that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by over 16%.. Regulatory management and compliance; HIPPA, Fair Credit Act, Privacy Act, State and Federal regulatory control for medical and financial services - maintained up to date understanding of laws and regulations and oversaw staff in documentation and management of procedures and processes.. Provided Insurance and Risk Management services to individuals, businesses, and non-profit entities/governments as well as loss control and safety/prevention guidance.. Served as Consultant and Professional Expert to Clients for Medicare Part D; Med Supps; Affordable Care Act; Advantage Plans as well as various other life, health, and annuity plans.. Managed agency budgets and accounts including payable/receivable, invoicing, P&L, and account reconciliations and all accounting functions within the agency.. Managed book roll transfers of business as well as managing the merger and acquisitions of new books of business and agencies and led the process of merger of data, systems, and staff.. Complied with all contractual, governmental, and insurance law requirements as well as profitability management in regards to loss ratios and agency contingency awards.. Designed and implemented streamlined workflow processes and employee manuals for more efficient performance and customer service; led training seminars for all operations.. Maintained client relationships of the property & casualty and life and health book of business.. Underwriting authority with full underwriting responsibilities for property and casualty business.. Pre-evaluated new business, negotiated rates and coverages, reviewed existing book for profitability, implementing preventative actions on accounts with questionable history.. Worked with company personnel to provide required data for reinsurance on larger commercial and agribusiness accounts and on negotiation of rates/amendments to policy language to meet client needs.. Evaluated client insurance needs, reviewed policy forms and ISO language as well as significant work in Professional Liability markets and translating the company specific language and negotiating changes for specific needs.. Responsible for the overall technological direction of the business, which included managing information technology and computer systems.. Fostered interdisciplinary relationships by negotiation and consensus building to attain goals for all disciplines.. Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.. Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.. Cultivated positive relationships with the community through public relations campaigns.. Developed and implemented interesting and interactive learning mediums to increase understanding of course materials both in health insurance and commercial lines. I'm proficient at negotiation, websites, and direction.]
16964217, [I got my certified nursing assistant   ged in ged from rochester educational opportunity center. As a Cashier, I worked from March 1998 to August 2000. And my major duty is Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner. Promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team. Correctly received orders, processed payments and responded appropriately to guest concerns. Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner. Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables. Packaged menu items into bags or trays and placed drink orders into carriers.Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items. Prepared and served beverages such as coffee, tea and fountain drinks. Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking. Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas. I'm proficient at understands mobility assistance needs, charting expertise, and excellent interpersonal skills.]
13215696, [I got my bachelor   s degree in human resources from university of phoenix city. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 11/2003 to now.And my major duty is Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files.. Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.. Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.. Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.. Maintained an up-to-date department organizational chart.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.. Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.. Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.. Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed.. Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.. Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of proper due diligence.. Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation... Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency. I'm proficient at system checks and troubleshooting, resolution oriented, and superior communication skills.]
29196643, [I got my mba in international business from national university. As a Media Planner, And my major duty is To Manage Clients Advertising Budget, Presenting the competition scenario in media perspective, suggesting an appropriate media mix and successfully implementing the plan, doing a post evaluation for the Media plan Job Responsibilities Competition Analysis and Target audience profiling according to the campaign need  Seeking approval for first cut pre media plan from the client  Generating MIS reports and weekly updates  Maintaining great relationship with media vendors and clients  Post Evaluation of the campaign and lessons learned. I'm proficient at processes, presenting, and apple.]
22351830, [I got my masters of computer applications india in computer applications from rgpv university. As a Associate, I worked from October 2007 to October 2010. And my major duty is BL-T is an OSS system from T-Home to investigate and Reserve DSL connection at the any place in Europe on the basis of parameters like telephone number.. It acts as an intelligent interface between the NorthBound systems and the SouthBound systems.. Implemented services S1, S2, S3, S4 .... for NorthBound systems.. Each of the above mentioned services are meant to carry out special process in the PreOrder.. The end result of the entire process is a PreOrder to be updated in E2E.. Implemented services integration using (JMS) and MDB in the form of XML messages over IBM MQ Series.. Used XBEAN for message transformation.. Implemented BL-T Admin console using HTML, JSP, JavaScript and Struts Framework. I'm proficient at ca, ibm, and enterprise.]
11415967, [I got my master of science   oil and gas enterprise management in environmental management and entrepreneurial development from abia state university. As a Environmental Specialist, I worked from 09/2011 to 09/2012. And my major duty is Act as the environmental representative to business unit regulatory applications and permits Liaised with external consultants with regard to ongoing certification Routine site inspection and site visits to ensure compliance to environmental standards.. Review of industries EIA's and EIS's and environmental authorisations Participate on regional industrial association committee(s) Develop strong working relationship with community relations & company personnel. I'm proficient at enterprise, networks, and oil.]
29297393, [I got my bachelor of science   civil   environmental   engineering in civil   environmental   engineering from rutgers university. As a Loan Officer, I worked from Apr 2006 to Feb 2009. And my major duty is • Processed loan applications including reviewing financial information reported and determining financial status and ability to pay. Created financial analysis reports of commercial real estate, borrowers' financial statements, lease reviews and market research.. Generated 60-80 leads weekly.. Produced 2.4 million in net sales volume during an average month.. • Ensured all loan requests were within policy and procedure guideline and were properly prepared, documented and approved. Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to retail mortgage lending.. Researched insurance information and flood certificates.. • Prepared promissory notes, repayment schedules and support documents as required by federal regulations. • Counseled loan applicants and recipients regarding diversity of loans available. • Prepared and assisted in the preparation of reports. Determined appropriate rate locks, issuance of disclosures, overage and underage waivers and fee waivers.. Complied with regulatory requirements including Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering, OFAC, USA Patriot Act, Privacy Act and Community Reinvestment Act.. Reviewed more than 40 financial statements each week.. Built knowledge about latest banking products and services through Home buyer programs, FHA ,VA and down payment assistance. Advanced user of Calyx sales management software, generating pipeline and account reports weekly. I'm proficient at new program and promotion implementation, employee relations, and hrms.]
18227306, [I got my master of science   technology commercialization in anthropology biology from university of texas at austin   mccombs school of business. As a Executive Assistant, I worked from January 2005 to January 2011. And my major duty is Collaborated on a Maryland-Ukraine Business Accelerator proposal designed to facilitate commercialization of innovative ideas from Ukrainian entrepreneurs and act as catalyst for new product development.. Researched, planned and recruited for a seminar involving Russian education organizations around the nation to discuss value of Russian language and education; consequently Mayor Katz granted the days of June 5-12 as the "Days of Russian Culture" in city of Gaithersburg, MD.. Advised new business owners and facilitated process of registering their companies with their respective states.. Performed bookkeeping and tax return preparation for domestic and international businesses.. Provided customer support for clients with account issues and resolved discrepancies in their accounting records.. Managed accounts receivable for 1,200 tax clients and collected over $50K in overdue payments.. Collaborated with other administrative team members, human resources and the finance department on special projects and events.Served as a professional representative of the CEO to executive clients, investors and board members.. Served as a liaison between company president and clients regarding client accounts and new business.. Investigated red flags for fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, tax evasion, false accounting statements, organized crime, terrorist financing and insider trading.. Created and maintained computer- and paper-based filing and organization systems for records, reports and documents. I'm proficient at enterprise, languages, and programming.]
31201660, [I got my bachelor of arts in history from villanova university. As a Sales Representative, I worked from January 1989 to January 1992. And my major duty is Outside Sales Representative: managed existing business while growing territory by selling medical X-ray film to new hospitals, doctor's offices and X-ray film dealers dealers.. Skills. : Customer Service relationship building entertaining clients and selling.. Accomplishments. : Increased territory sales by 600% in first year.  Won company wide advertising idea contest for writing a print advertisement the company later published in a trade magazine. I'm proficient at human resources, using resources on hand before spending, and public speaking.]
25258040, [I got my high school diploma in high school from phoenix college. As a Coordinator I /Administrative Assistant, I worked from 01/2009 to 01/2010. And my major duty is MedForce Technology Supported the Medicare D Operations incoming member correspondence.. Identified the type of request.. and scanning mail into imaging system for various providers and there corresponding workflow, task type and.. bin.. Processed daily faxes from various email inboxes, identified type of request and imported imaging in.. MedForce.. Created and fulfilled supply requests, while maintaining and scheduling conference rooms.. Coordinated benefits survey processes in accordance with Medicare guidance.. Coordinated and tracked all dis-enrollments, late enrollment penalties, and reinstatement letters in accordance with Medicare guidance.. Delivered audit support for MedicarePart D.. Updated and report to leadership mail counts daily.. Assigned daily tasks into imaging system to coordinators within MedForce.. Executed daily pre-forecast tasks for undeliverable mail and outbound enrollment verification calls in accordance with Medicare guidance.. Maintained email box for coordination of benefits. I'm proficient at leadership, processors, and as.]
56792999, [I got my mba   information technology      university of maryland   smith school of business city   state   usa bachelor of science   marketing in marketing from smith school of business. As a Account Manager, I worked from 12/1996 to now.And my major duty is Marketed IT software and services to major educational institutions and healthcare providers.. Responsible for managing customer relationships, sales and related business development activities. I'm proficient at pmo, blockchain, and strong analytical skills.]
22571461, [I got my bachelor of business and administrative management in business and administrative management from the university of oklahoma city. As a Volunteer Leader, I worked from 08/2014 to now.And my major duty is Developed key leadership skills and qualities through mentoring middle school aged children.. Donated 150+ hours of service, striving to improve confidence and leadership.. Taught daily to groups of children by applying games, music, and everyday life to help drive the lessons. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft powerpoint, and processes.]
80527194, [I got my associate   business   marketing city   state business   marketing in business   marketing city   state business   marketing from business administration college of the se   city. As a Finance Consultant, And my major duty is Established business relationships and presence in local Chamber of Commerce, Rotary, and Lion Club(s) Worked with Small Business Administration Office and commercial lenders to secure loans, credit lines, and investor capital for business owners Bank reconciliation, project cost projection presentations, bonding and insurance requirements for multimillion contracts for city, state and private projects.. Oversight of accounts payable via AR/AP preparing expense, trial balances, and budget analysis reports using QuickBooks/Quicken in regards to payroll, vendor sales invoices, collections, company loans/liens, leases, and credit card accounts Interact and prepared with Accountant with RFP documentation (941's, W-2's, W-3, 940's, 1099) to ensure IRS monthly, quarterly, and year-end close out deadlines are met Created project budget proposals for marketing and sales department Monitored new client - established client retention ratios Created best practice memorandums for Marketing and Sales Departments Monitored SEO and SMP conversion ratios for all online marketing vehicles Conducted market surveys to capture clientele purchasing attitudes Created marketing plan based on surveys to construct platforms for price elasticity, brand recognition, and new market product exposure. I'm proficient at insurance, listening, and benefits.]
37818861, [I got my business and civil engineering in business and civil engineering from university of tennessee. As a Assistant General Manager, And my major duty is Wrote and unified entire company wide inventory control system.. Managed daily cash intake, bar and alcohol inventory, building repair and maintenance budgets, and account payable.. Oversaw hiring, training, and scheduling of all sixty front of the house employees. I'm proficient at consulting, excellent written, and needs assessment.]
91116867, [I got my state high school in state high school from norwich free academy. As a Receptionist, And my major duty is Worked for RE/MAX as an entry level receptionist. Daily responsibilities included:. Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings, and staff events.. Managed office supplies, vendors, organization, and up keep.. Coordinated, scheduled, and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.. Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.. Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. I'm proficient at team building, articulate and well spoken, and accurate and detailed.]
14346702, [I got my general studies in general studies from byron p   steele ii high school. As a Child Care Provider, I worked from July 2011 to January 2013. And my major duty is Provided direct care to children age's birth through age five in family care setting.. Planned and conducted effective child development programs to meet the physical, social, emotional, and intellectual needs of individual children.. Coordinated age-appropriate play/learning activities aimed at fostering development.. Used appropriate child guidance and care giving techniques; detected early signs of distress and redirected behaviors.. Led and interacted with children in song, games, finger play, and other activities; helped children develop self-help skills such as serving food, zipping jackets, tying shoes, and hand washing.. Prepared snacks and meals using safe food handling procedures and dietary guidelines.. Maintained accountability and safety of children at all times; certified in pediatric, infant, and adult CPR.. Ensured proper maintenance and sanitation of classroom, toys, and equipment.. Experienced working with a variety of personalities and ability levels; skilled at adjusting responses to suit individual needs.. Taught children how to redirect negative behavior through feelings identification, compromise, and communication. I'm proficient at forms, balance, and delivery.]
15083600, [I got my mba in  from st   john   s university. As a Report Analyst, I worked from Feb 1999 to Oct 2000. And my major duty is Analyzed depository data from domestic and foreign banks that account for 85% of the NY District's money supply.. Supported Open Market Operations (OMO) in forecasting money supply and the Board of Governors (BoG) in implementing monetary policy.. Evaluated new financial products to determine their effect on reporting requirements and money supply.. Achievements: Earned a Presidential Award for a policy adjustment recommendation on the check clearing process that enhances OMO's forecasting ability.. Earned a Performance Plus Award for preparing and delivering segments on Reserve Requirements seminars.. Increased the accuracy of data transmitted to the BoG by creating analytical models that track the flow and trend of depositary data. I'm proficient at opics proficient in excel, powerpoint, and implementation level knowledge of front arena.]
63670997, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from goldey   beacom college. As a Marketing Communications Specialist Marketing Communications Coordinator, I worked from 01/1988 to 01/2004. And my major duty is Advanced through a series of promotions and career progression in the marketing communications field.. Developed comprehensive understanding of the printing industry by collaborating with the Printing & Publishing Technical Marketing Organization.. Provided end-use marketing support to marketing representatives; managed global hang tag program, customer trademark usage and customer retail programs.. Networked and built relationships both internally (marketing, technical legal, etc.) and externally (alliance partner and customers) through various programs and projects. I'm proficient at leadership, media relations, and materials.]
17307206, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from virginia wesleyan. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 04/2008 to now.And my major duty is Provided prompt, accurate, and friendly service to our customers through the achievement of customer service standards.. Scans a customer order and handles the payment transaction.. Followed procedures in handling cash, checks, coupons, gift certificates, food stamps, and WIC vouchers.. Politely assisted customers in person and via telephone.. Answered product questions with up-to-date knowledge of sales and store promotions.. Bagged sold merchandise per customer's request.. Directed calls to appropriate individuals and departments.. Built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great organizational skills, and sales.]
67406885, [I got my mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from university of tulsa. As a Senior Drilling Engineer, I worked from March 2011 to February 2015. And my major duty is Marmaton Play:.. o	Drilled Unit?s longest lateral (9,870?) and fastest well (8.71 days spud to TD) to date.. o	Over the first 18 months, reduced average spud to RR from 30+ days to 13.14 days, DHC from $2.1MM to $1.37MM, and reduced outliers by 68%.. o	Dramatically outperformed offset operators in all metrics " spud to TD days, DHC, and outliers. I'm proficient at clients, explorer, and progress.]
57364820, [I got my bachelor of science in computer information systems from wingate university   city. As a Data Center - Professional/Team Lead, I worked from November 1990 to April 2000. And my major duty is Part of the data center operations team which oversaw the daily batch processing and had numerous responsibilities over the years of employment ranging from tape librarian to a successful team lead.. Coordinated a test system to develop a better scheduling and Business Resumption process to eliminate redundant workload Applied the daily Change Management tickets. Acted as a liaison for Allstate International companies to setup daily workload schedules.. In 1997, acted as a consultant with local management, Allstate home office personnel, and Motorclub personnel to migrate all functionality to Illinois Served as a SME (subject matter expert) in DB2, IMS, and other Allstate accountabilities Supported and performed responsibilities for the weekend of IMS and DB2 database backup utilities.. Performed recoveries, image copies, pointer checkers, stacked utilities, timestamp recoveries, etc.. Part of the Business Resumption (BR) team which managed system resources and batch schedules during catastrophic disasters. I'm proficient at netview, rexx, and customer satisfaction.]
79570655, [I got my associate of arts in general studies from arkansas college of health careers city. As a Customer Service, I worked from 01/2006 to 04/2007. And my major duty is Customer Service,Trouble Shooting products, Direct Selling, Customer Support, Accounts management. I'm proficient at medical coding, receiving, and strong work ethic.]
13569152, [I got my bachelor of arts in theater from johnson school of management. As a Assistant Librarian to Director of Distributed Learning, I worked from Aug 2001 to Jun 2005. And my major duty is Researched effective delivery models for consultation services, including marketing, production, intellectual property, and service quality evaluation methods in support of DCAPS.. Prepared background reports, summaries, and documentation for Director of Distributed Learning.. Designed and managed 6-week intensive summer youth educational program. I'm proficient at sharepoint, social entrepreneurship, and ms project.]
65062795, [I got my master of science   computer engineering in computer engineering from college of engineering   university of florida. As a Senior Technology Consultant, I worked from 01/2012 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Assisted users with hardware and software issues using the university's Lab resources.. Monitored and managed computer labs at the University of Florida.. Assisted Professors in setting up the lab for exams, practical experiments.. Organized and maintained online classroom reservation system.. Enforced lab policies and procedures.. Promoted as a senior technology consultant during the period of work... Certified as a Technology Consultant by the Academic Technology Labs, University of Florida. I'm proficient at web technologies html, oracle s peoplesoft supply chain management scm, and php.]
10984392, [I got my ba in ba from university of wisconsin green bay. As a Founder, President and CEO, I worked from January 2002 to January 2011. And my major duty is Founded company which provided corporate housing services to corporate clients and relocating individuals.  Managed sales volume growth from $52,000 in 2002 to sustained volume of 2,000,000 in 2004, with company revenues reaching $4,500,000 in fiscal 2011.. Managed temp housing procurement for Toyota Motor Manufacturing expansion into Blue Springs, Mississippi.  Demand for apartments far exceeded local supply, requiring swift and creative negotiation to inspect and procure all available apartment space in a condensed time period.  Through complex acquisition of both apartment and hotel supply all team members were placed on the ground on time and in line with cost budget.  Project generated $2.3 million in revenue at targeted gross margin and doubled company apartment inventory.. Expanded and managed operations in Cincinnati, OH and Lexington, KY.  Provided service to customers in other area markets, including Louisville, KY, Columbus OH, and Dayton, OH.. Recognized that gross margins were damaged by ineffective leasing policies, and aggressively adjusted lease procurement practices to decrease leasing costs without compromising sales volume or raising overhead.  The results were dramatically improved margins and company profitability.  Maintained high margins by proactive management of apartment inventory, strategically matching customer demand to available space.. Twice negotiated deals to double company revenue by expanding to out of state markets.. Provided daily operational support to out of market employees, directing activities by intelligent use of market performance data.. Successfully developed co-branding relationships with vendor partners to supply Vesta customers with no cost products in exchange for market exposure.. Recognized in Entrepreneur magazine for fast "no excuses" growth.. Consistently sold apartment inventory to industry competitors due to high service standards and effective quality control practices.. Developed and managed highly effective employee base with very low rate of attrition.  Recognized for providing exceptional employee support by employing a "listen first" approach.. Navigated through recession by focusing like a laser beam on key company revenue drivers and primary costs.  Company remained cash flow positive by quickly mobilizing in September 2008 to meet fast changing market conditions.. Applied high level cost analysis to company, deploying new procurement processes to secure 11% COGS year over year reduction from 2008 to 2009.. Surveyed for customer feedback, leading the industry by being first to include high speed Internet and flat screen TVs as standard items in all apartments.  The cost was absorbed by increased demand for service.. Notable corporate clients: L-3, Proctor and Gamble, Toyota Motor Manufacturing. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving skills, team building, and strategic thinker.]
49777184, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in international development from biola university. As a Resident Advisor, I worked from 03/2011 to now.And my major duty is Facilitated a weekly discussion group about relationship issues for men and women.Pursued ongoing education and training opportunities to further develop professional skills.Cultivated positive relationships with other mental health professionals, programs and associations.Planned and ran [. ], an outreach event targeted at [. ].Communicated with local agencies, schools, churches, courts and employers regarding client involvement and attendance in programs. ]
11835339, [I got my hospitality management in hospitality management from florida international university. As a Assistant Manager, I worked from April 2011 to October 2011. And my major duty is Duties and Responsibilities;. In charge of Daly operations during a given Breakfast, Lunch or dinner shift. Oversee employees to ensure that customer service was the best and food service times were kept to a minimum. Work to keep payroll costs in line with budget, while making sure we had adequate staffing for the day and week ahead. Our focus was on consistently great Customer service Experiences, with a eye on McDonald's Corporate service times for drive through and sit down foodservice. Held Weekly meetings with store management, to communicate any issues and comments regarding weekly, monthly and year to date budgeted sales and expense goals. I'm proficient at maintained the par levels set up for the different food, between the purveyors and vendors, and luncheon s and special functions.]
21156767, [I got my master of science computer science in computer science university of illinois at springfield   city   state completed coursework in data science   c   programming and   net and data mining                  gpa may      bachelor of engineering information science from college of engineering. As a Software Engineer,  I'm proficient at javascript, sql server mysql, and c net framework.]
26234972, [I got my ma   film   media production in film   media production from new york film academy. As a MEDIA CONSULTANT, I worked from 01/2010 to 07/2015. And my major duty is Directed public relations campaigns and developed media plans with the director of a well-known grassroots media production and distribution organization.. Organized fundraising and public speaking tours.. Directed and Line Produced feature-length film: coordinated staff on set, created and adhered to shooting timetable.. Managed production staff.. Filmed and translated interviews.. Collaborated with the executive producers on production decisions, fundraising and marketing.. Set up engagements in the US and Europe and did speaking tour to promote film.I worked from 07/2006 to 07/2009. And my major duty is Communicated with Newsroom Producers and Video Production Managers to plan and develop content strategies.. Consistently met shooting, editing and production deadlines.. Gathered and shared information quickly and calmly under tight schedules and constantly changing situations.. Filmed live events and conducted interviews.. Put together news packages.. Edited footage and published content online.. Operated camera for single- and multiple-camera productions.. Successfully persuaded interviewees to tell personal stories to a regional audience. I'm proficient at adobe premiere, videography, and production scheduling.]
15535920, [I got my google it support certificate in business management from mount wachusett community college. As a business operations analyst, And my major duty is 8 a.m.. 5 p.m.. Operations Support to the Northeast and Southeast Sales teams, assist teams in building revenues exceeding $4B annually while maintaining healthy margin, monitoring revenues to meet business goals.. Compile and deliver weekly reports to Sales Management, identifying key areas and issues of focus, products generating highest margin/revenues and overall success compared to other regions in the U.S.. Provide products, services and technical configurations to Request for Pricing (RFP) and Response for Quotes (RFQ) for customers throughout the eastern U.S.. Implementing and maintaining sales leadership strategy by consistently working on improving margin with positioning key products.. Assist in influencing business growth in areas specific to product and solutions to exceed customer needs.. Liaison between Sales, Product Management, GBU's, Engineering, participating in meetings and calls to discuss technical updates, product releases, issues and roadblocks with potential solutions.. Present highlights and key information to the sales teams at weekly meetings.. Strategic focus to increase product penetration, utilizing product changes and refresh solutions while maintaining customer satisfaction and building a get-well plan for recovery of margin and revenue in those accounts and areas that did not meet sales management expectations.. sales Operations - Excellence coach |Compaq computer corporation | October 2002 - june 2005 8 a.m.. 5 p.m.. Promoted from Inside Sales Executive after 4 months supporting enterprise accounts which exceed $500M in mobility sales to coach and develop inside sales teams and their supervisors utilizing recorded calls, product sales and department performance reports.. Developed team members for compliancy, call quality, accuracy of information and productivity.. Improved outbound sales calls performance by 137% increase in sales performance over a 6-month period.. Evaluated the Inside Sales process, accessibility of information needed while cold calling, resulting in streamlining Inside Sales teams access to resources, manuals, product information and promotions on a second display.. Positive results in providing customers with immediate responses and information resulted in higher sales, confidence in Inside Sales teams and overall satisfaction and performance.. This initiated a new monthly sales incentive program which monitored and captured the tools and resources used in the successful sales process.. Utilize CRM and Access database results to provide analytics and statistics for data center calls, build and create reports, spreadsheets, charts and present to management weekly, identify areas of improvement for sales performance, establish programs to meet new requirements and train individuals/teams on how to meet/exceed new criteria for call center success.. director of information technology | metrowest bank | may 2001 - october 2002 8 a.m.. 5 p.m.. oncall 24 x 7) Reporting into the VP of Operations, managed and lead the IT infrastructure team on daily and strategic IT initiatives and business process re-engineering.. Managed the migration of 22 branches from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange in preparation for the bank to be acquired.. Collaboratively met with and worked with the functional departments implementing technology to streamline and consolidate time consuming processes, including outsourcing a legacy manual check process, which resulted in no downtime or delay in check distribution.. systems software engineer | compaq computer company | June 1995 - May 2001 8 a.m.. 5 p.m.. oncall 24 x 7) Helpdesk/technical support for Multivendor Systems Engineering.. Built/configured hardware, install software, troubleshoot, maintain driver updates and perform system backups.. Work on desktops, laptops, workstations, servers.. Utilized Microsoft System Center Management Tools, Ghost, manage the Exchange Server for the MSE Team.. Acquired Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer digital equipment corporation | operations manager information security 8 a.m.. 5 p.m.. Managed, maintained the Access data base to capture, monitor, report potential security issues on client machines, set security parameters within the engineering organization.. Weekly reports/updates to management to determine potential breech.. U.S.. travel to train groups within the company on compliance, identify areas of concern and information critical to protect. I'm proficient at enterprise, streamline, and closing.]
26919036, [I got my bachelor of arts   communications in communications from mercer university city. As a National Account Business Service Center Supervisor, I worked from 03/2005 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for working with peers to provide alternative to successfully increase quality and productivity measures.. Implemented strategies to reduce churn to <>. Offer alternatives scripting to increase customer satisfaction and net promoter scores.. Interface with training to identify training needs and assign to SMEs (subject matter experts).. Monitor and track phone team's performance through intraday reporting and systems.. Evaluate individual performance through daily interactions, audits, monitoring and feedback. I'm proficient at excellent negotiation skills, strategic account planning, and sales.]
57601040, [I got my business management in business management from letourneau university. As a Investment Recovery Manager, And my major duty is Optimized return on investment of surplus, obsolete or idle equipment through reuse, trade or sell on the world market via: Management of global investment recovery and asset rationalization strategies.. Managed a company-wide program for the identification and redeployment equipment.. Developed and managed processes for bid auctions, private or negotiated sales for divestiture of surplus equipment.. Performed bid evaluations and recommendations for awarding contracts.. Developed methodology and standards to calculate or quickly determine: Fair market value Rationalization options Asset evaluation Business cases to optimize the financial return on the disposition of company assets Department performance metrics and industry "best practices".. Developed and managed relationships with third party vendors to minimize costs associated with rebuilding, repairing, or disposing of surplus assets.. Developed procedures to protect company's surplus equipment for compliance with Sarbanes Oxley and internal audit requirements regarding the sale and transfer of surplus assets.. Tracked all costs associated with the identification, tracking and redeployment of all surplus or idle equipment.. Managed surplus equipment database ensuring data integrity and accuracy of asset transfers sales revenue. I'm proficient at internal audit, not a destroyer of value, and business development.]
29076405, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts   tourism   convention   and event planner from college of southern nevada. As a Leasing Consultant, I worked from Jun 2016 to Current. And my major duty is ·      Associated with the leasing of vacant units in the property to help ensure a high occupancy rate and assisting in customer service, and resident retention of current residents.. ·      Assist in daily inspections and upkeep models and target units, ensuring they are presentable and ready to show to prospective residents.  ·      Perform duties associated with the rental of apartments, deal closing for renewals, and off-site marketing.. ·      Process rental applications and complete related forms, verify all information in rental applications. Obtain and review applicants credit report for review and final approval of the Resident Manager.. ·      Record traffic sheets, guest cards, and/or daily reports updated of leasing activity such as inquiries, appointments, rentals, intent to vacate notices, move-ins, and move-outs.. ·      Assist in maintaining required inventories for community supplies and equipment.. ·      Assist in maintaining up-to-date and accurate reports and completing all reports as requested by Resident Manager and/or Corporate Office.. ·      Collect and handle rents and deposits. Prepares rent receipts.. ·      Handle resident concerns in the absence of Resident Manager or Assistant Manager.. ·      Project a professional image by meeting all Company Standards. I'm proficient at yardi voyager, adobe photoshop, and microsoft excel.]
26167298, [I got my master of business administration   management in management from belmont university. As a Brand Manager, I worked from October 1990 to July 1996. And my major duty is Annual sales:  $400M for Berol business, promoted to Sharpie Brand Manager: >$150M sales; Accessories, Art, Writing Products Manager $7OM sales; Product Manager: Berol Writing/Office Products: $18M sales; Asst. Product Manager: Art/Writing Products $80M sales.. Managed $3M brand marketing budget on annual basis and tracked monthly; delivered multi-business plans on budget.. Identified and analyzed P & L objectives, cost requirements, market pricing, and business opportunities.. Redefined core brand, created positioning, redesigned products, and launched to market. Increased sales  27%.. Generated new distribution in five top retailers: $2M incremental sales via national communications campaign to build sales.. Branded import line, set quality standards, and implemented marketing for redefined target segment. Reversed 10% decline.. Created intriguing print campaigns for national market with limited budget and timing; $500K budget for teen product line.. Conducted quantitative research to evaluate 200 seasonal designs, select sku's, and create positioning and market materials.. Identified national tie-in partners to reduce print campaign costs, increase reach, and capture multiple audiences.. Managed advertising/P.R. agencies and budgets; set objectives, approved media plans, and conducted reviews.. Initiated and delivered $150K 3-phase direct mail campaign target to segmented art consumers involving national tie-in partners, product sampling, incentives, and communication reaching 80% of the national market.. Supervised brand team; managed priorities, development, and marketing projects with daily and annual assignments. I'm proficient at social media digital, complex selling, and sourcing.]
13837784, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication business from university of missouri. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 06/2014 to 10/2015. And my major duty is Created and managed social media accounts across multiple platforms.. Helped increase brand awareness and advertised product promotions to current customers. I'm proficient at websites, photo, and creative director.]
16509761, [I got my bachelor of science   digital media communications in digital media communications from florida international university. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Ensure high levels of customer satisfaction while maintaining excellent sales service     Assess customers' needs and provide assistance and information on product features I'm proficient at proficient in adobe photoshop and adobe premiere.]
29915354, [I got my master of arts   digital media production   communications in digital media production   communications      rhode island college city   state   usa completed graduate program for media studies   with a concentration in digital media production   art from rhode island college city. As a Teaching Assistant / Computer Lab Technician, I worked from 09/2009 to now.And my major duty is Assisting Professor Philip Palombo, served as teaching assistant for a freshman class in video production and editing; Led discussions, screened relevant videos, and hands-on assisted them in the lab. Also served as the Computer Lab Tech during that time, troubleshooting problematic computers and software in use. I'm proficient at directing on camera talent, public speaking, and available for international travel.]
82929064, [I got my bachelor of science   finance   entrepreneurship in finance   entrepreneurship from northeastern university. As a Account Executive & Digital Media Manager, And my major duty is Handled multiple client accounts for Search in 3D including account management, digital adverstising budgets & monthly reports.. Effectively created english & spanish copy for clients social feeds including but not limited to facebook & instagram.. Demonstrated ability to work individually on assigned tasks and as a team player creating new campaign ideas & proposals. I'm proficient at mobile, display, and creative professional copy writing.]
10515955, [I got my master of science   counseling and clinical psychology in psychology from augusta state university. As a Classified Private Party Rep, I worked from Jan 1995 to Jan 1997. And my major duty is Service assigned, unassigned, and transient sales calls.. Promote Special pages and sections.. Quote current classified rates.. Cold calling.. Complete appropriate reports and billings. I'm proficient at automotive advertising, contract negotiation, and advertising sales.]
14945250, [I got my mba   business management present new jersey institute of technology city   state   united states relevant course work   organizational behavior   economics   accounting bachelor   s degree   marketing in sport   hospitality marketing from new jersey institute of technology. As a Territory Sales Manager, I worked from 01/1997 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for leading a team of six drivers and six pre-sales agents covering South Carolina and northern Georgia. Responsible for ensuring that all of the Edy's Product lines were delivered customers.. Managed over 500+ accounts with coverage area in two states while being tasked with developing independent opportunities that lead to the territory increasing by 25%. Led the team by example to promote a winning attitude, the culture of Edy's, and teamwork.. Increased annual sales and profit goals through efficient management and satisfaction of customer needs within assigned territory in two states.. Oversaw daily operations of the front line sales team on the grocery side of the business with annual sales of $10 Million.. Managed all reset schedules, interviewing, hiring, and training of all front line sales staff.. Communicated daily with all team members of assigned territory (sales reps, drivers and warehouse) to ensure customer satisfaction and timely delivery of all products was being meet.. Handled all customer request including providing promotion items, flavor samples, removal of out of dated products and in store Developed all assigned accounts relative to sales volume, market share, product distribution, space allocation, and customer service. I'm proficient at leadership, team building, and sales force proficient.]
28609364, [I got my master of business administration   marketing in marketing from . As a Sales Supervisor, I worked from 07/2007 to 12/2008. And my major duty is Supervised, directed and motivated five sales representatives in order to achieve the overall corporate sales objectives.. Recruited, selected and trained sales representatives. I'm proficient at networks, benefits, and valuation.]
19861776, [I got my b   s   business admin     management in business admin     management from virginia commonwealth university. As a Manager of MIS,  I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and content creation.]
14036515, [I got my high school diploma city   state   us flint   mi   us high school diploma flint central high flint   mi high school diploma in flint   mi   us high school diploma flint central high flint   mi from flint   mi   us high school diploma flint central high flint   mi. As a Front Office Receptionist, I worked from January 2002 to December 2003. And my major duty is Communicate with customers, employees, and other individuals to answer questions, disseminate or explain information, take orders, and address complaints.. Answer telephones, direct calls, and take messages.. Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers.. Open, sort, and route incoming mail, answer correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail.. Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or using a computer.. Complete and mail bills, contracts, policies, invoices, or checks. I'm proficient at security, telephones, and incoming calls.]
11005406, [I got my bs   business management in business management from ottawa university. As a Kansas State Government contractor, I worked from January 2001 to January 2007. And my major duty is 66062 913.710.7339 I'm proficient at security, vnx, and engineer.]
17132168, [I got my bba   marketing management in marketing management from assumption university. As a Business Development Consultant, I worked from 01/2011 to now.And my major duty is Identify & qualify new software opportunitiesfor Oracle - Consult with C-level executives to determine their business issues & Engage with Oracle team provide the best engineered solutions.. Cooperate with Account Managers & Partners to close projects - Create Account plans to ensure the Target achievemen - Contribute to revenue generation for database license business - Build and maintain effective customer & partner relationships - Promote Oracle technology product through events, webcasts and phone calls - Host events for Oracle Thailand Technology team. I'm proficient at phone, sales, and clients.]
15353911, [I got my bachelor of arts   animation in animation from loyola marymount university. As a Canvassing Manager, And my major duty is Gathered donations for the ACLU's proposed Employment Non-Discrimination Act for the protection of LGBT+ people in the workplace. I'm proficient at animation toon boom harmony, aseprite, and illustration adobe photoshop.]
18501746, [I got my ba in broadcasting   mass media from school of communications and theatre. As a Development Assistant, And my major duty is Worked with Research team to handle requests from across the agency requiring research analysis software such as comScore, Nielsen, Scarborough and MRI Transitioned onto Account Team to work on National and Regional Direct Response clients. I'm proficient at research, clients, and media plan.]
26341987, [I got my master of science in electrical and electronics engineer from california state polytechnic university. As a Senior Technical Advisor Executive Support System Implementation, And my major duty is I reported directly to the CIO.. I started out as temporary helpdesk analyst; I was hired on full time and was promoted from Helpdesk Analyst to Analyst to Lead Analyst to Supervisor to Manager.. When ABC moved from Century City to Burbank, I was promoted to Manager of Executives Support for Disney/ABC and eventually became Senior Technical Advisor for ABC TV.. As a Manager of Executive Support I oversaw 13 systems support analysts plus independent contractor for both East and West Coast to support executives of Disney, ABC Television, ESPN and Touchstone as well as productions on a 24x7 schedule.. Coordinate the over all system support process to ensure that all executives and productions computers function properly, and personally provide services to top key executives of the corporation.. Proactively researched, implemented and supported leading edge solutions to ensure that Disney/ABC executives are on the cutting edge of technologies.. I was involved in procuring and providing Personal Digital Assistants (PDs) and Blackberries cell phones to Disney executives with login scripts.. Lead efforts in diagnosing, resolving, and maintaining hardware, software, operating system, network, and backup recovery services for the enterprise.. I established standard operating procedures (SOP) and corporate policies for use throughout the company.. Interacted with clients and provided client surveys to ensure system support team provided quality services.. I had open communication with other departments such as Local Area Networks (LAN) services, telecommunications department, and emails support group to resolve any system support issues our personnel may be experiencing.. I communicated directly to CIO on all operations and implementation personnel.. I oversaw corporate purchasing and asset management, which included software, hardware and computer equipment rentals.. Prepare monthly system support activity and progress report for both East and West Coast.. Prepare departmental budget as well as long range planning.. When Disney acquired Touchstone, I was there to facilitate the integration between the two companies and transition Touchstone personnel to Century City facility.. I spearheaded the migration of Touchstone's Macintosh ("Mac") systems with PCs systems for business reasons.. Touchstone had 43 concurrent pilot Mac systems running and 1,000 rental computers being used in studio prior to the migration effort.. We supported all the various Mac systems during migration effort until end user was fully migrated to PC based machines.. I was an integral part in planning, preparing, and designing the information systems infrastructure for the ABC building when Disney relocated 400 ABC network employees from New York and Century City site to Burbank.. I also was key integrator of ESPN, BVTV, and BVTV International into our corporate network.. The ABC Building housed 1,000 employees.. I was on the committee when Disney Consolidated 160,000 employees and hundreds of domains globally into 7 corporate domains in Active Directory.. I was also present acquisition of ABC Family by Disney.. I was an active member and technical consultant in the planning, integration, and migration of ABC Family TV from Saban building in Westwood to the ABC Building in Burbank. I'm proficient at leadership, ibm, and airwatch network management.]
27419236, [I got my bachelor of arts   political science in political science from the university of akron   city. As a digital media specialist |  nacs media solutions, And my major duty is Managed the Print on Demand project and implemented the technical processes related to print-on-demand and digital files for NACS Media Solutions.. Contributed to the development of the digital and print-on-demand interface tools, workflows and processes that support file access and distribution.. Preflighted and corrected book files to ensure optimal print quality.. Worked with outside vendors to build a print on demand network for NACS Media Solutions, supplied requirements for the network and worked with vendors from contract phase to completion to create a viable Print on Demand (POD) network.. Received a promotion in June of 2012.. digital support specialist |  the plain dealer |.And my major duty is Responsible for processing, preflighting, color correcting, image enhancing and ensuring that sizes, colors, images and content of advertisements sent into the Digital Department via outside customers and agencies printed correctly.. Ensured that final reproduction of advertisements was optimal and that everything in the ad displayed as the customer intended.. Worked well in a high-pressure, fast-paced environment with daily deadlines.. Solely responsible for processing and file transmission of various commercial inserts, gang prints, spadeas, Comics and other direct mail pieces to various printers. I'm proficient at fetch and asura, websites, and presenting.]
13328680, [I got my b   s   business administration in business administration from boston college. As a Floor Broker, I worked from 01/1995 to 01/1997. And my major duty is CBOE broker trading stocks such as KO, HON and BAC.. Executed orders from various brokerage houses, evaluating market volatility and order flow for best executions. I'm proficient at leadership, comscore, and bi.]
17584743, [I got my ba   communications in communications from benedictine university. As a Executive producer, I worked from January 1999 to January 2012. And my major duty is Manufacturer, marketer and distributor of trucks and engines (Fortune 200 Company. I'm proficient at strategic development, brand development, and equity.]
14761906, [I got my bachelor of arts in  from george mason university. As a Shoe Associate, I worked from Oct 2009 to Nov 2011.  I'm proficient at oil painting, digital animation maya, and digital art programs photoshop.]
31162167, [I got my bachelors of fine arts in  from university of san francisco media. As a Digital Media Intern, I worked from 06/2017 to now.And my major duty is Part of social media team for Napster South America, Honda South America; Responsible for generating content for social media platforms.. Generated data to track trends related to Honda's brand on social media using metrics including but not limited to retweets, likes, and  comments.. Kept daily mailing lists in order to have interactions and relation such as retweets, likes, responses with key industry digital influencers in LaTam - Increased Honda's social media platforms and increased client exposure and followers.. Managed the consumer research for Napster.. Had weekly mailing list upkeep. I'm proficient at enterprise, newsletters, and consulting.]
15226699, [I got my applied science entertainment technology   audio engineering in entertainment technology   audio engineering from baton rouge community college. As a Industrial Wallpaper Hanger/Painter, And my major duty is Quality Wall Covering: [self-employed],  Baton Rouge and surrounding area Identify expectations of individual contractors and formulate a design and work strategy to meet the desired goals.. Provide detailed measuring and cutting of high-value material to ensure efficient project costs.. Maintain quality, highly trained installation of commercial vinyl wall covering in a multitude of variation (intricate patterning, 30+ foot murals, hotels, etc.).. Operate industrial machinery such as paste-machines, forklifts, and elevator tower transport.. Maintain a healthy work relationships with other tradesmen working in the same area through arranging situation-specific allotted working times for each.. This includes experience gained in plant work (in administrative buildings) which required site-specific training for each. I'm proficient at adobe premiere, protools, and painter.]
25525152, [I got my bachelor of science   journalism      the university of tennessee city   state bachelor of science in communication and information in journalism and electronic media from the university of tennessee city. As a Deejay, I worked from 01/2014 to now.And my major duty is Presented local news on campus public radio.. Organized playlists for radio and announced song titles. I'm proficient at great organizational skills, copy editing and proofreading, and managing skills advanced problem solving.]
13343786, [I got my master of science   current penn state university   city   state human resources and employment relations b   s   human resources management in human resources management from penn state university. As a Human Resources Benefit Representative, I worked from 10/2003 to 10/2006. And my major duty is Managed daily entries for new hires, status changes, terminations, health benefits and welfare benefits.. Resolved escalated health benefit issues that derived from the Human Resources Service Center.. Conducted monthly audits from carrier's invoices and resolving discrepancies.. Liaison with TPA managing COBRA enrollments.. Managed hiring, enrollment, and orientation for staff members, physicians, fellows, residents and nurses.. Conducted new hire orientation and annual enrollment with the benefit's team. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and hris lawson.]
15484097, [I got my bachelor of arts in social science from benedictine university. As a Legislative Aide, I worked from 02/1999 to 08/2003. And my major duty is Assisted City of Chicago Alderman in successfully fulfilling their public obligations by providing support services in the areas of administration, communication, research and public relations.. Prepared bills, memos, circulars and other official documents as and when required Wrote press releases and speeches on behalf of the Alderman Managed press conferences and other meetings Maintained digital records of the legislation and filed theoriginal documents for future Planned Alderman's schedule and organized the necessary meetings according to priority Coordinated with other employees and departments Made transport arrangements for official tours I'm proficient at enterprise technologies, excellent problem solving abilities, and microsoft msca mcse certified.]
25723793, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing international business from smeal college of business. As a Sales and Marketing Assistant, And my major duty is Create marketing materials for home sales and assist with open house showings.. Assist in the preparation of comparative marketing analysis to obtain new clients.. Increase client base by developing relationships with current clients through various online media outlets.. Staff new construction sites and assist in developing marketing for new homes. I'm proficient at broadcast, bi, and quicken.]
19444529, [I got my bachelor of arts in journalism from the university of akron   city. As a Social Media and Content Specialist, And my major duty is Produced, edited and acted as on-camera talent for instructional videos that were used for customer support, orientation and training.. Managed day to day social media activities for Emerge Inc.. and LorainCounty.com.. Responsible for comment moderation, consumer interaction, and diffusing any online issues.. Produced promotional videos to showcase local companies on LorainCounty.com. I'm proficient at newsletters, advertisements, and broadcast.]
33893326, [I got my master   digital   social media marketing in digital   social media marketing from istituto tecnico commerciale g   maggiolini. As a assistant of bank clerks, I worked from Jun 2006 to Jul 2006. And my major duty is Banca Popolare di Milano).. Company Website: http://www.bpm.it/it-com.html Key responsibilities:.. Assistance to the heads of financial transactions (buying and selling government securities, bonds, mutual funds, etc.).. Acquisition of knowledge about the roles and working dynamics within the financial department. I'm proficient at advertising, specification, and advertising copy.]
18442517, [I got my b   a     economics in economics from university of california   city   state   us b   a     economics   minor   american literature        university of california   los angeles   ucla. As a Market Research Intern, I worked from May 1999 to September 1999. And my major duty is A leading firm for real estate services, since acquired by Fidelity National Financial to become the nation's largest title insurance company.. Utilized Visual Basic for Applications to create sophisticated macros, formatting and sorting raw data from several different sources to streamline leads research practices. I'm proficient at engineer, leads, and service level agreement.]
40883703, [I got my masters of business administration in public relations from saint mary   s college of california. As a Communications Intern, I worked from Oct 2003 to May 2004. And my major duty is Content Marketing.. Email Marketing.. Press Release Development. I'm proficient at lead generation, marketing automation, and ecommerce.]
27981289, [As a Language Technical Writer, I worked from Mar 2013 to Sep 2013. And my major duty is I translated Finnish language bank documents to English and created simple web pages out of them using HTML/CSS and some JavaScript. I'm proficient at etc, html css, and php.]
18900722, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in bachelor of fine arts from union county college. As a Creative Director, And my major duty is Led creative design from initial concept through production for print and digital; supervised and mentored design team.. Delivered presentations to secure client buy-in.. Oversaw print and digital media buying.. Participated in educational opportunities and professional organizations.. Supported diverse clients such as Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Children's Wear Digest, Children's Better Health Institute, Harvard Health Publications, BMG, COACH, J.Crew, Cook's Illustrated, Crate and Barrel, Godiva, Playboy Enterprises, Victoria's Secret, Weider Publications, and Williams-Sonoma. I'm proficient at powerpoint, salesforce, and indesign.]
28109594, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in film   tv production   screenwriting from morgan state university. As a Production Intern, And my major duty is Support the development and production of SpiceRack Productions Inc.. Help create and design website.. Conduct script breakdown and contribute to script/treatment changes.. Research topics for proposals; help organize show, funding and equipment for producers and talent.. Manage and direct SpiceRack's social media network such as Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Instagram, etc.. Accompany staff and crew on remote shoots when possible.. Assist producers as assigned. I'm proficient at outlook and publisher, etc within platforms, and producing.]
31929166, [I got my bachelor of science   communication journalism in communication journalism from montreat college. As a Business Manager of Whetstone (College Newspaper), And my major duty is Achieved numerous advertisements for Whetstone.. Money managed and took care of receipts and bills. I'm proficient at teamwork, leadership management skills, and creativity.]
24574164, [I got my bachelor of arts   behavioral sciences in behavioral sciences from new school university. As a Director, 3D Products, I worked from Jan 1991 to Jun 1997. And my major duty is Specular created one of the first professional Mac-and Windows-based 3D modeling, animation, and rendering systems used by broadcasters, special effects houses, and graphic artists worldwide.. Specular grew to about 40 people and $12 million in annual revenue before being acquired by a larger competitor.. As the seventh employee of this cutting-edge startup, I was involved with developing nearly every aspect of the company, including building teams and processes for technical support and customer service, quality assurance, product management, product marketing, and marketing communications. I'm proficient at digital videoand online advertising.]
23085604, [I got my ba   communication in communication from boston university. As a First AD, Director, I worked from January 1980 to January 1982. And my major duty is Started out as a first assistant director for Greenbriar Productions the non-union production arm of N.. Lee Lacy Associates commercial production company.. At the time N.. Lee Lacy Associates was the largest commercial production in the world, with offices globally.. After 7 months acquired union status, and within 14 months became a staff director.. Won a Clio award for United Airlines national spot while directing for N.. Lee Lacy Associates.. As a director my responsibilities included creative interaction between clients, largest national ad agencies, cast, crews, and post production facilities. I'm proficient at enterprise, accomplished with mobile devices, and business development.]
27080812, [I got my master of business administration   marketing in finance from . As a Inside Sales Representative,  I'm proficient at leadership, e business, and consulting.]
14209965, [I got my bachelors of arts in public relations marketing from seton hall university. As a Integrated Junior Media Associate, I worked from 11/2011 to 11/2012. And my major duty is Client: Samsung; Enterprise and Consumer Business and Telecom. Samsung Developed strategy for traditional and interactive media, and tactical interactive media recommendation for new products launches, and other key products under the Enterprise (B2B) and Consumer Business Divisions for Samsung US.. Lead weekly status calls with the client, creative agencies and other partners for 9+ campaigns.. Activated digital executions from RFPs to post-buy reports, using MediaOcean and Dart DFA.. Analysis and present bi-monthly campaign reporting with optimization recommendations.. Utilize industry tools such as IMS, Comscore, and Tardiis to develop campaign recommendations, as well as weekly presentations of industry trade articles.. Provide POVs on new partners and opportunities for the client Accomplishments Completed Starcom Mediavest Group Flight Basics training course. I'm proficient at dds, comscore, and strata.]
20330739, [I got my mba in management and media communications management   finance        fordham university graduate school of business gpa   gpa         gpa         bs   media communications and film production   direction from fordham university graduate school of business. As a Commercial Producer, Production Manger, And my major duty is Work with top Madison Avenue Ad Agency to Produce TV Commercial Animatics to be produced as live on-air commercials for Fortune 500 companies.. Manage entire production process throughout commercial shoots, securing crews and production staff, vendors, and all aspects of pre- and physical production. I'm proficient at leadership, creative development, and sales management.]
37739183, [I got my b   a   political science in political science from montclair state university. As a Digital Media Specialist, Senior Marketing Communications Specialist, Senior Market Analyst, And my major duty is Implemented online product launches into the B2B & B2C market while executing updates specific to each product line.. Responsible for general production and tradeshow coordination of booth, events, premium items and collateral for multiple business units and managed advertising budgets.. Received Award for the production of the first CDR for largest tradeshow, NAB, which contained all broadcast product collateral.. Managed internal sales award program and ensured confidentiality on highly sensitive information, as well as manage all updates to the programs' website.. Community Hospital committed to being a leader in the community in offering quality healthcare with a commitment to caring.. Corporate Relations, Sales Representative Liaison to physicians, community leaders, government and corporate leaders to secure and gain market share.. Accomplishments: Increased business by 35% in first quarter of 2002 by marketing the services of the hospital to doctor's offices and corporate clients Negotiated all sales contracts with customers at senior management level, and increased profitability by 22%.. Raised funds for health care initiatives and education through corporate solicitation.. Achieved 100% of gross goal for "Women of the New Millennium" program as well as the annual gala & golf outing. I'm proficient at extremely organized, publisher, and adobe writer.]
14771530, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration and computer information systems from lewis university. As a Production Intern,  I'm proficient at donedone, basecamp, and desktop publishing software photoshop.]
62700506, [I got my ba   theater arts philosophy in theater arts philosophy from california state university. As a Client Service Consultant, I worked from 01/2001 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Provided support for Wells Fargo products and services as well as right fit resolutions for complex issues to external and internal clients Document and analyze client business process Preparing and presenting Service and Product Reviews for high value clients, Relationship team, and management as cross-sell and growth opportunities Account analysis and Customer profiling Maintaining a portfolio of 30 high value clients for compliance, position, documentation, exceptions, overdraft, accounting etc Train new staff. I'm proficient at market research and analysis, product development and launch, and strategic alliances.]
34319869, [I got my bachelor of arts   communication   media management in communication   media management from state university of new york at new paltz. As a VH1 Production Management ~ Production Management Associate, I worked from 01/2007 to 06/2008. And my major duty is Coordinated numerous production shoots (on-site and office based tasks) for upcoming television broadcast show. i.e. VH1 series, 60min all access specials, VH1 documentaries. Managed & organized pre and post-production budget for various television broadcasts' by balancing expenses and cost through excel and internal accounting systems and services. Directed the logistics for on-site production shoots; coordinated schedules, obtained necessary legal documents, hired staff and gathered supplies I'm proficient at powerpoint, access sharepoint, and mac os os x systems.]
30999638, [I got my thomas nelson community college in thomas nelson community college from thomas nelson community college. As a Floor Supervisor, And my major duty is lead daily operations for all personnel in the department Enforce company policies and procedures, train and develop support staff Conduct weekly meetings with team lead staff members demonstrate and intense  focus on customer service and individual accountability to upkeep stability amongst production within the department strategically approach projects, conducting thorough research of production, call volume, personnel etc.. to implement relevant protocols to enhance performance results mentor and guide the support staff in efforts to support and supersede department minimums and expectations Introduce goals outlined by senior directors and managements, and delegate responsibilities in support of various projects Review team metrics within the department, discuss additional counseling options for improvements as necessary Enforce overall integrity and moral of the department, and promote invaluable customer service. I'm proficient at supervisory, microsoft word, and avid.]
11677012, [I got my bachelor of arts in european studies from north carolina state university. As a Intern, I worked from 09/2014 to 12/2014. And my major duty is Spearheaded customer correspondence via social media outlets, i.e.. Instagram, Facebook, Trip Advisor.. Analyzed performance of all social media marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.. Compiled comprehensive lists describing service offerings.. Updated company website to include access for Spanish-speaking customers. I'm proficient at excellent customer service skills, effective problem solving skills, and high ability to perform under stressful circumstances.]
18525641, [I got my bachelor of arts in journalism   strategic communications marketing from university of missouri city. As a Assistant Media Planner, I worked from 06/2007 to now.And my major duty is - Served as core support staff that helped to expand DFCB media business to acquire Coors local planning followed by MillerCoors business. - Developed econometric modeling strategy to inform. dollar and TRP allocation versus the competition. - Mastered planning, research and budget tracking tools ]
91539554, [I got my bachelor degree   meteorology in meteorology from institute of technology and applied sciences. As a Superior Specialist in Meteorology, I worked from September 2008 to November 2014. And my major duty is Created technical and research documents such as: daily and weekly forecasts, discussions and warnings.. Analyzed the meteorological conditions affecting peoples life and economic features.. Assisted in developing scientific analysis software.. Conducted research in Severe Local Storms and Weather forecast evaluation, specifically dangerous meteorological systems.. Developed effective working relations with groups, individuals, agencies and the public.. Supervised technical and professional staff.. Guaranteed all data met stringent quality control standards.. Trained new personnel and interns on office functions.. Maintained a high rate of accuracy over a 85 % in daily forecast evaluation.I worked from September 2008 to November 2014.  I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great organizational skills, and people skills enthusiastic people person.]
13503650, [I got my associate of arts   paralegal studies in paralegal studies from briarcliffe college. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from May 2006 to January 2010. And my major duty is Provided exceptional administrative support to C level executives including managing director,director and vice president in investment banking consumer foods department.  Recommended. while a contract employee by vice chairman. to provide  administrative support for senior vice president and CFO for late phone coverage.. Managed calendars and screened telephone calls for managing director, director and vice president, scheduled conference calls for interdepartmental meetings; acted as department gatekeeper.. Prepared domestic and international travel itineraries including ground transportation.. Prepared accommodations international guest clients confirming passport and visa requirements; liaised well with airlines and client offices to verify all relevant details.. Created and processed expense reports for corporate charges in timely manner; confirmed accuracy and resolved personal charges.. Set up high level breakfast and lunches and catering for guest clients, negotiated off site locations and confirmed budget with business director, planned specialty menus and coordinated activities for visitors.. Reconciled purchasing orders for office supplies and expedited payments.. Classified information and filed all sensitive documents in compliance with security procedures. I'm proficient at outlook, meetings, and administrative support.]
23864858, [I got my bachelor in cognitive science computational modeling from university of california city. As a Loan Processor/Analyst, I worked from 07/2004 to now.And my major duty is Validated and verified loan application information.. Compared application information to Database.. Analyzed supporting documentation on Automated Underwriting System.. Reviewed loan application package for completeness and accuracy.. Reconciled application information against system input, comparing individual data.. Calculated and analyzed debt to income ratio (i.e.. employment, tax returns, etc.).. Also funds to close (i.e.. verification of deposits, gift money, etc).. Coordinated rigorously with customers, boarding, processing, underwriting, closing, appraisal and escrow teams to close loans. I'm proficient at sharepoint, ibm, and networks.]
24658786, [I got my bachelor of arts   journalism in journalism from ohio state university school of journalism. As a Digital content editor, I worked from July 2004 to December 2011. And my major duty is Columbus Audubon Board of Trustees.. Editor of the joint Grange Insurance Audubon Center/Columbus Audubon bi-monthly newsletter, the Song Sparrow.. Editor and content manager of Columbus Audubon's Web site www.columbusaudubon.org.. Social Media manager for Columbus Audubon's Facebook, Twitter and blogs. I'm proficient at content curation, digital strategy, and public relations.]
39166680, [I got my b   s   business management in business management from arizona state university. As a Logistics Readiness Officer, I worked from 02/1999 to 01/2002.  I'm proficient at marketing strategy, data visualization tableau and chartio, and digital insights and analytics adobe experience cloud.]
25038571, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing and business management from oakland university. As a Lead Intern, And my major duty is Marketing and Research Responsibilities: Henkel is a $20 Billion USD corporation in the Aerospace, Automotive, Industrial, and Cosmetics markets.. Their brands include: Dial Soap, Loctite, Purex, Schwarzkopf, and Got2B.. Responsible for marketing and PR activities in the Cosmetics Division.. ACCOMPLISHMENTS.. Cross-functional team lead on an innovative new product launch.. Utilized secondary research to gain insights regarding product performance needs.. Managed design development of packaged products.. Managed consumer events from planning to public relations.. Worked on the design and production of sales collateral and marketing materials.. Analysis of competitive and house brand marketing data focusing on the "Got To Be" Product line.. Earned promotion to become head intern for the Vice President of Marketing. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, strong quantitative and qualitative problem solving skills excellence in digital marketing including facebook, and business development.]
33542483, [I got my bachelor of arts   journalism in journalism from indiana university. As a NewspaperReporter, I worked from 06/2009 to now.And my major duty is Selected by the Hoosier State Press Association in 2009 for the Eugene S. Pulliam award. Placed with The Shelbyville News where I worked for 10 weeks as a feature writer, photographer, copy editor and news reporter. Acquired over 40 published clips I'm proficient at sitecore web management, skype for business, and moz pro.]
58915642, [I got my bachelor of science   economics management in economics management from the wharton school   university of pennsylvania. As a Business Development Intern, I worked from May 2015 to August 2015. And my major duty is Analyzed daily and monthly partnership costs in order to determine day to day changes on cost structure of partnerships.. Proposed and presented 5 new key partnerships that will be pivotal for the transition phase into TheStreet, Inc.'s Financial     Content Network 2.0 Banco del Austro, Loans & Credit Card Intern, Cuenca, Ecuador          July 2014 - Aug.. 2014.. Implemented statistical analysis of data using Excel, focusing on customer and bank databases such as credit card     purchases, POS system, customer information, and customer complaints.. Completed and filed paper work for loan department. I'm proficient at finance, consulting, and strength training.]
18927233, [I got my bachelor of arts in communications cinema arts from vanguard university. As a Sales & Customer Service Representative, I worked from 02/2015 to now.And my major duty is Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.. Received and processed cash and credit payments for in-store purchases.. Exceeded targeted sales goals by 30%.. Placed special merchandise orders for customers.. Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.. Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.I worked from 03/2011 to now.And my major duty is Achieved high sales percentage with consultative, value-focused customer service approach.. Earned "Top Seller" for four consecutive times.. Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.. Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store. I'm proficient at strategic media placement, professional summary, and google analytics adwords certified.]
16893572, [I got my bachelor of arts in graphic and web design from upper iowa university. As a Marketing Specialist & Senior Account Manager, I worked from November 2006 to September 2010. And my major duty is Initially hired to create graphic projects and build websites for local businesses, before quickly being promoted to a managerial role overseeing the marketing and sales operations.. Developed brand identity for internal divisions and area businesses, produced tailored websites, digital advertisements, press releases, email campaigns, and SEO and content management.. Increased annual revenue by 40% through development of custom integrated e-commerce site, tradeshow attendance, and outsourced services to local ad agencies, thus transforming the marketing department from a cost center to a revenue producer.. Improved efficiency by as much as 300% after reengineering processes, writing detailed manuals for clients, and retraining team members.. Finished project months ahead of schedule as a result.. Generated partnerships with AmericInn International and US Navy/Air Force Gateway.. Reformed target outreach with first processes of social media campaigns via YouTube and Twitter, recording and photographing product uses.. Designed custom interface for hotel franchises to increase property and brand awareness. I'm proficient at ibm, marketing strategy, and newsletters.]
18488289, [I got my bachelor of science in mass communications from st   cloud state university. As a Marketing Assistant, And my major duty is Established effective working relationships with clients, government officials and media representatives.. Managed internal communications, including production and management of print and electronic newsletters.. Identified and qualified new candidate leads through prospecting, cold calling, networking, referrals, targeted emails and direct mail.. Coordinated administrative processes associated with recruiting/hiring, including resume reviews, scheduling interviews, processing correspondence, documenting candidate activity, coordinating new hire activities, handling confidential material, and facilitating required background screens.. Supported agency managers with calendar management, tracking of recruiting budget, maintaining filing systems, answering and screening phone calls. I'm proficient at possesses an unquenchable thirst for learning and an insatiable hunger for self improvement, excellent oral and written communication skills communicates and collaborates cross functionally, and independent self starter with analytical and statistical skills passion for data driven decision making.]
31909493, [I got my bba   marketing advertising in marketing advertising from pace university. As a Integrated Account Executive, And my major duty is Worked as an integrated account lead between digital and CRM; provided constant support to team and Clients Developed market insights and competitive analysis that lead to the great creative ideas and strategies Participated in the initiation, presentation, and completion of all projects Managed the communications between the team and the Clients, partnered Agencies and vendors on daily basis Developed project estimates and managed budgets and forecast with a high degree of accuracy Projects: Websites (Branded & unbranded), Banners, CRM, Emails, Direct Mail, SEO, Print Ads,  Posters, FSI, DRTV. I'm proficient at websites, tv, and strategy and development.]
29002596, [I got my bachelor of science   electrical engineering in electrical engineering from university of rochester   william e   simon school of business. As a Network Engineer, I worked from 05/1987 to now.And my major duty is Managed two engineering teams and established internal transfer pricing for network services and negotiated pricing contracts with telecommunications and hardware suppliers.. Led customer requirement gathering, business case justification and implementation of first digital and internal network at Xerox resulting in $550k annual savings, increased speed, reliability and level of service. I'm proficient at digital, event and workshop strategy, and cross media demand generation.]
73282756, [I got my bachelors of business administration in management information systems from long island university college of management. As a Information Systems Intern, I worked from January 2001 to August 2001. And my major duty is Assisted and trained users on how to use Microsoft Outlook and other office components. Troubleshooted employee queries through helpdesk. Configured Network Servers and deployed remote installations of various Software Programs. I'm proficient at dream weaver, business development, and digital media operations.]
94492380, [I got my bachelor of science   business management with marketing emphasis in business management from columbia college. As a Brand Manager, And my major duty is Developed marketing strategy for theme park attractions and product launches such as Shrek 4D, The Mummy, Hulk, Jurassic Park the Ride, The Cat in the Hat and Halloween Horror Nights.. Worked across corporate divisions of Features, TV, Home Video, Music, and Publishing to create and implement cross-promotional marketing opportunities for properties such as 2 Fast 2 Furious, Van Helsing, Jurassic Park, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Nickelodeon and Animal Planet.. Spearheaded the successful launch of marketing campaigns and led cross functional teams on events such as Millennium Dance Party, Halloween Horror Nights, Rock the Universe and Way Cool Winterland, a seasonal event that achieved one of the highest incremental attendances ever of 30%.. Managed and oversaw control of all aspects of event planning and media/promotional placement with P&L budgets ranging from $50 thousand up to $3 million.. Conceived and launched online promotions, advertising, and guerrilla marketing campaigns for projects such as Gay Days Hollywood, Festival Universal and Ultimate Marvel Mania. ]
18905648, [As a Office Assistant, I worked from 01/2018 to 01/2018. And my major duty is Entered data using Excel.. Organized files.. Answered phone calls. I'm proficient at powerpoint, sales, and public speaking.]
70196518, [I got my ba in mass communication from prairie view a   m university. As a Intern/Student Worker, I worked from 03/2012 to 05/2015. And my major duty is Provided program assistance and connect with listeners and promote contests.. Represented the station in a positive, lively manner.. Increased membership with a delivery of a well-executed membership campaign. I'm proficient at market trends, data entry, and promotion.]
56952849, [I got my bachelor of science   technical management in technical management from devry university. As a POS Support Analyst, I worked from Jan 2005 to Jan 2007. And my major duty is Functioned as a member of the Help Desk team handling over 1500 franchise stores and over 600 corporate stores regarding POS software and hardware usage and configuration as well as networking via telephone and HEAT ticket tracking and support software (Level 1, Level 2 & Level 3), representing over 20,000 computers and peripheral devices (printers, modems, caller ID boxes) and a diverse group of end users.. Diagnosed system problems and contacted vendors for service and/or replacement.. Managed various areas of support including broadband connectivity and Windows/POS installation, configuration, and upgrade issues and supported all network and dial up configurations.. Troubleshot, researched, diagnosed, documented, and resolved technical issues with a superior degree of technical knowledge and experience; utilized a variety of tools for troubleshooting, including Remote Desktop, Terminal Server, Enterprise Manager and Query Analyzer. I'm proficient at technical support, enterprise, and technical documentation.]
40311088, [I got my bachelor of science   bs     mass communications marketing   public relations in mass communications marketing   public relations from pitt community college. As a Associate Producer / Videographer, And my major duty is I organized story schedule for 6 p.m.. and 11 p.m.. newscasts and write story scripts for newscasts and website.. I also produced video for special projects and promotions. I'm proficient at marketing, cable television franchise coordinator, and image control.]
19053815, [I got my bachelors of arts   communications   public relations in communications   public relations from collin county community college. As a Merchandise Business Associate, And my major duty is Processed new items and current product introduction for distribution throughout National and Canadian stores to meet specific time deadlines.. Worked to ensure that new and existing product were accurately processed in system to meet needs of the retail stores and for the production of sales and inventory results Met weekly with distributor representatives to communicate monthly and weekly goals of  new and re-introduction items that need to be set up in system Corresponded with field consultants with pricing issues and new product developments Maintained the MBS TEAM Daily Kickoff newsletter Coordinated monthly team building events Authorship If Dr.. Martin Luther King Jr., Were Alive Today, What Would His Dream Be.. 2009 Working With Class"- 2011 Continuous Learning Presentations Working with Class, Kenexa Corporation, 2011 Diversity in the Workplace, Kenexa Corporation, 2011 Building Relationships,  Kenexa Corporation, 2010 Account Introduction, Kenexa Corporation, 2010. I'm proficient at business objects, as, and processes.]
10005171, [I got my master of arts   radio   television   motion pictures in radio   television   motion pictures from university of tennessee. As a Continuing Education Coordinator, And my major duty is Created personal interest classes that appealed to and met the needs of the community.. Recruited instructors, organized schedule, and marketed courses.. Organized first Spanish language classes for ER personnel in local hospitals. I'm proficient at press, office manager, and materials.]
26160200, [I got my ba   communication in communication from rutgers university. As a Technical Marketing Manager, I worked from Jan 1998 to Jan 2001. And my major duty is Managed all collateral for the Financial Services business unit via the Intranet. Customized web-based solutions to support marketing initiatives. Assisted other business units in developing their information management processes. Worked with team to develop Point Of View documents central to differentiating the company in the marketplace. Built and maintained web-based reference tool using HTML, Active Server Pages, VBscript, Javascript and CSS. Reduced e-mail "spamming" and improved effectiveness of organizational communication channels through developing and implementing web-based newsletters. Coordinated strategic project initiatives across offices and teams. Modeled a process for tracking, updating and utilizing client reference-ability data. I'm proficient at satisfaction, web design, and business development.]
59011090, [I got my bachelor of arts   communications in marketing from rhode island college. As a Events Coordinator, And my major duty is Vendor outreach providing detailed information on the event. Contacting businesses for raffles and sponsorship. Tracking In-kind gifts. Event coordination and set up. Management of volunteer activities such as shoreline cleanups. I'm proficient at cyfe, strong writing skills, and instagram.]
34583750, [I got my bachelor of science in management marketing communications from purdue university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and processes.]
22380187, [I got my public affairs communication in public affairs communication from baruch college. As a Medical Record Clerk, I worked from Jan 2008 to Jan 2013. And my major duty is Transferring patients' data into DOH website         Reviewing 500+ records for completeness, accuracy, and compliance with regulations on a monthly           basis         preparing quarterly reports. I'm proficient at networks, general ledger, and promotion.]
24953921, [I got my associate of applied science   digital media northwest vista college        present northwest vista college   associate of applied science in  from northwest vista college. As a Developer, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Office Manager / Leasing Manager * Office Manager and Leasing Manager for Property Management Firm * Responsible for all accounting and financial functions, AP, AR, PR, GL/bank reconciliations and month-end closing * Assistant Project Manager for construction of newly developed properties, monitor jobsite procured material and receiving and warehousing functions ensuring materials are purchased in accordance with project technical specifications * Manage subcontractor administration, review and execute contractor draws and change orders * Oversee the administrative systems/operations of the office, including interviewing, hiring and managing staff, implementing / managing new technology * Prepare and review of all trusts, power of attorneys, leases, title commitments, and other miscellaneous mortgage loan and real estate legal documents * Monitor and maintain all employee personnel files, including payroll * Maintain good customer relationship with tenants, coordinated property tours of commercial and residential properties. First point of contact to handle tenant inquires and complaints * Responsible for rent rolls, pay or vacate notices, lease renewals, rent increase notices, market rate analysis * Heavy calendar scheduling, events and meeting coordination, and travel arrangements for owner I'm proficient at technical support, gl, and training.]
20490741, [I got my high school diploma in high school from sickles high school. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from 07/2012 to 06/2013. And my major duty is Answered constant flow of customer calls. Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information. Consulted with outside parties to resolve discrepancies and create effective solutions. Maintained customer happiness with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns. Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers in fast-paced environment. Compiled customer feedback and recommended service delivery improvements to management I'm proficient at closing techniques, computer proficient, and good listening skills.]
21125113, [I got my ba   political science in political science from indiana university of pennsylvania. As a Intern, I worked from 02/2013 to 05/2013. And my major duty is Daily Tasks Daily office tasks, including file management, labeling, setting appointments and meetings Active use of Microsoft Office programs including Word/Excel/Powerpoint/Outlook Use of research skills pertaining to legislation, grant opportunities, best management practices Recording of minutes/notes during various internal/external meetings Proof reading of various documents for inconsistencies and errors Development of comprehensible summaries and reports Accomplishments Participation in the development of the DCNR's 2014 Outdoor Recreation Plan Published thesis on Motivating the Youth to Recreation Outdoors. I'm proficient at computer hardware, forms, and network support.]
11270462, [I got my bachelor   s degree in public relations with a minor in business in public relations from university of louisiana at lafayette. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 05/2011 to 12/2012. And my major duty is Greeting and assisting customers on the main floor. Working the register. Re-stocking shelves and taking inventory on a weekly basis and major inventory over the summer. Wrapping gifts. Creating flyers and postcards to help advertise monthly sales or discounts. Designing various window displays I'm proficient at sales or, liaison, and associate.]
90685127, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in marketing and entrepreneurship from university of southern california city. As a Global Digital Advertising & Analytics Coordinator, I worked from 07/2012 to now.And my major duty is Identified key drivers of brand health using Boolean data logic via social listening analytics software. Increased brand mentions on social media 45% through brand ambassador programs. Awarded top mobile advertising campaigns of 2015 by Mobile Marketer for virtual eyewear try on. Planned digital, mobile, and social advertising exceeding time spent and CTR industry benchmarks 300% I'm proficient at looker, analytics software google analytics, and omniture.]
20628003, [I got my digital marketing in digital marketing from mt   san antonio college. As a Sales Representative, And my major duty is Responsible for customer support, orders, and quotations via phone, fax, email, and person-to-person interaction.. Meets and/or exceeds sales and profit goals by following up on sales leads, monitoring market trends and growing the positive reputation of the company. I'm proficient at social media marketing, search engine marketing, and search engine optimization.]
30504149, [I got my bachelor of science   journalism in journalism from ucm. As a SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, Digital Content, And my major duty is Oversaw strategy and execution for social media engagement efforts, content creation and distribution. Pioneered emerging digital platforms for wide array of client and new business endeavors. Managed a $6+ million dollar      P&L with staff in LA, Seattle, Chicago and New York. Worked closely with analytics and      research vendors to develop and deliver desired results. Assisted business development opportunities and added to agency thought      leadership and mentoring. Clients of note: Starbucks, Ebay, Unilever, Pepsico, Microsoft ]
25706337, [I got my bachelor of science   business management   accounting in business management   accounting from indiana tech city. As a Payroll Coordinator, I worked from 05/2012 to 08/2013. And my major duty is Managed time keeping system, worked directly with all managers on system or timecard issues. Assisted and processed biweekly payrolls for various pay cycles. Trained 200 people on time keeping system and implementation of new modules. Implemented 5 different systems for conversion, upgrading, and improvement. Led training of managers and employees on new systems requirements and capabilities. I'm proficient at olapic ugc, merchandising, and management.]
91318828, [I got my bachelor of science in journalism and mass communication from texas state university. As a Supervisor / Key holder, I worked from 10/2010 to Current. And my major duty is Supervise day to day activities of two largescale college bookstores that provides service to the University of Texas at Dallas community and area community colleges.. Manage textbook rentals, purchases and buybacks, coordinate book orders from wholesalers and publishers, handle escalated issues from third party sellers, coordinate scholarship eligibility with schools for both ordering and payment (academic and disability), perform collection calls for leased books and report uncollected funds to collection agencies, assist in spirit wear selection and ordering, designing marketing campaigns and inventory, responsible for opening and closing the stores Skills acquired:  People management / supervisory skills, customer service, communication, time management, collections, vendor management / relationships, inventory management. I'm proficient at book, etc, and newsletters.]
42156237, [I got my masters of business administration in business administration from berufsschule city nord. As a Web Developer, And my major duty is Developed customized web solutions using PHP, HTML, and JavaScript for clients.. Created database structures, relationships, and data types in MySQL and MS     Access.. Accomplishment:.. Increase of 22% in sales by increasing overall visitor traffic by over 400K. I'm proficient at php, punjabi, and bi.]
80679862, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from university of florida. As a Marketing Consultant and Creative Manager, I worked from January 2009 to January 2014. And my major duty is Consulted small businesses on how to improve their own SEO.. Managed website, SEO, keywords and implemented the social media, and digital marketing strategies ranking Ashley Photography the top searchable photographer in the Caribbean.. Built WordPress blogs and coding including website design, developing, and executing site and redesigns.. Developed and maintained a comprehensive social media strategy that defined how social media marketing techniques will be applied to increase visibility and traffic across all brands and products.. Lead the development of organization - wide social media management standards, policies and rules of engagement for social media.. Customized, edited, and created digital image art for clients. I'm proficient at websites, tv, and teaching.]
16276121, [As a Account Manager, And my major duty is Accountable for managing accounts for Transitions Lenses, Unidas Car Rental, Berlitz Language School, and Climatempo.com.br Operated as a lead point of contact for any and all matters specific to my clients, thus building and maintaining strong and long-lasting customer relationships Attended meetings with clients as well as created briefings for other employees Formulated strategies and passed proposals to senior managers Contributed to campaign development as well as monitored and chased work progress. I'm proficient at draw, online marketing, and social media platforms.]
27921561, [I got my bachelor of arts in graphic design   advertising from mimar sinan university. As a TRANSLATION & LOCALIZATION SPECIALIST, And my major duty is Products, Equipment & Services Working with a team of Graphics and Labeling Specialists, Technical Writers and Software Developers, to facilitate the translation of training publications, including user's manuals, medical reagents package inserts and medical instrumentation software localization for BD's Label Design and Development department for the European, Middle Eastern, Asian and African markets which comprise of a total of over 30 different languages.. Managing a $2 million plus translation and software localization budget for BD's Label Design and Development department and insuring projects are delivered on time and within estimated cost.. Working with outside translation and print vendors to find more lean and cost effective ways of submitting projects, translation resource management and submission of deliverables at project closeout.. Training new hires and contractors on best practices for creating multilingual documents.. Leading a team effort geared towards modernizing and improving departmental workflow, project management and electronic asset management systems at Becton Dickinson.And my major duty is Preparing customer art files for consumer food packaging and disposable foodservice products to Solo Cup's commercial print specifications for paper, plastic and foam substrates using in a high volume graphics department with an annual output of 15,000 - 20,000 projects.. Developing simplified template die lines using information derived from complex package engineering drawings.. Providing creative expertise to Solo Cup's Marketing department on point of sale retail advertising and packaging projects for national brands like Wal-Mart, Target, Wendy's, Starbucks and Pepsi Co.. among others.. Performing preflight check on inbound customer art files and proofreading outbound artwork.. Lead Graphics liaison and technical lead  in charge of implementing the Pepsi Co.. disposable cup global technical standards for Solo Cup Company print production plants.. Heading the team charged with process improvement through training, developing and growing a comprehensive digital and online Standard Operating Procedures resource database.And my major duty is Helped establish Antwerpen's in-house advertising and marketing department that was responsible for conceptualizing print and electronic ad campaigns for Antwerpen Automotive Group's eleven brands, as part of a multi-million dollar, local and regional advertising initiative.. Helped formulate marketing strategies for targeted advertising by monitoring weekly retail sales.. Assisted in creating print proposals and electronic presentations targeted towards major automakers for new business initiatives.. Oversaw web team tasked with updating franchise websites and adding modern features such as an online shopping assistant and improving visibility through Search Engine Optimization.. Pioneered team responsible for design, development and integration of all corporate and brand identity projects for Antwerpen Automotive Group and popularizing the hugely successful 'Jack Says Yes' campaign and the annual Antwerpen Hyundai 1000 Challenge, geared towards selling 1,000 Hyundai vehicles in 30 days.. Coordinated advertising projects with freelance designers, commercial printers, media houses and vendors. I'm proficient at sharepoint, digital photography, and websites.]
50219114, [I got my master of science   technology management in information systems and management from university of maryland   university college. As a Internet Marketing Manager, I worked from 12/2005 to 07/2006. And my major duty is Developed website content, meta descriptions and page titles in support of SEO strategies.. Directed comprehensive PPC campaigns for external clients in order to increase brand awareness and boost rates of organic and paid click-through.. Planned and managed ad spend budgets in excess of $200k.. Analyzed performance of all marketing programs to identify the best opportunities for optimization.. Completed strategic competitive analysis by assessing strengths and weaknesses of competitors.. Created usability reports outlining the pitfalls that contribute to decreased leads and conversions.. Designed wireframes identifying recommendations for website improvement.. Conducted root cause analysis on isolated issues and presented findings to clients and other stakeholders. I'm proficient at php, website design development, and online marketing.]
30864828, [I got my bachelor of science   communications video production in communications video production from . As a Store Manager, District Trainer, I worked from 01/1996 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for all aspects of managing a retail sporting goods store. Winner of three. consecutive sales performance contests resulting in 10% annual growth. I'm proficient at inventory management, process improvement, and goal setting.]
17562754, [I got my master in journalism in  from universidad autonoma de madrid. As a Managing Editor and Art Director of El Periódico de Catalunya Executive Editor, And my major duty is of the El Periódico de Catalunya´s special edition during Olympic Games in Barcelona, 1992.. Founder, Art Director and Managing Editor in El Sol, a Spanish national newspaper (Madrid, 1990-92).. Reporter in the business newspaper Cinco Días (Madrid, 1989) and the local newspaper El Ideal Gallego (A Coruña, Spain).. Career in Tech Companies Business and Technology consultant in Classora http://en.classora.com/ an innovative company working in semantic intelligence, web 3.0 and artificial intelligence applied to digital media.. Founding partner and shareholder of the digital marketing company Incuentra.com, now nlocal.es (Spain) and nlocal.mx (Mexico) after the sale of company to Plenum Media Group. I'm proficient at leadership, websites, and storytelling.]
24679149, [I got my marketing in  from marist college. As a SALES ASSOCIATE, I worked from 01/2007 to now.And my major duty is Assisted in marketing, selling and internal operations across a portfolio of licensed and private label eyewear brands including David Yurman, Cole Haan, Betsey Johnson, Leiber Eyewear, Cache and Ann Taylor.. Opened 20 new specialty accounts resulting in $100,000+ in additional sales. I'm proficient at finance, as, and processes.]
81508860, [I got my ba   business administration in photography from copenhagen business school. As a Consulate Officer, I worked from January 2013 to January 2014. And my major duty is Danish representative authority on the East coast for Danish passports, Visas and legal immigration issues on behalf of 400 Danish citizens Communicating with US authorities, background checks and PET investigation research.. Government of Foreign Affairs of Denmark.. Project development of Workers group for Dual citizenship in Denmark, creating awareness, Social media communication, helped reestablishing Danish law reclaiming lost citizenship for Danes abroad Assisted and supported the Danish founded SCALEit.US startup program with event planning in collaboration with  the Swedish Innovation Center, Norway House , Silicon Vikings  while handling the budget.. Translator & Product Tester, Apple HQ.I worked from January 2010 to January 2012. And my major duty is Lead Danish Translation support, testing software on various platforms for product release.. Worked with Worldserver, Z-pro and iCloud onsite HQ and offsite.. Supported projects feedback and communication, meeting Lead Danish Translation support, testing software on various platforms for new product releases.. Reviewed of highly technical content, ensuring internal linguistic standards are met. I'm proficient at ca, enterprise, and networks.]
28679359, [I got my bs   business administration marketing psychology in business administration marketing psychology from framingham state college city. As a Branch Marketing Manager, I worked from 05/2005 to now. I'm proficient at leadership, marketing strategy, and newsletters.]
14556869, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology from vanderbilt university. As a Volunteer, And my major duty is Taught special needs children how to play various sports and other recreational activities. I'm proficient at certifications hootsuite, microsoft customer relationship management system, and microsoft works.]
23810469, [I got my masters of business administration in international marketing georgia state university   city   state   usa international marketing bachelors of science   dietetics from georgia state university. As a New Media Manager, I worked from 12/2000 to 09/2003. And my major duty is Directed strategic online marketing branding efforts for the Telecommunications, Media & Entertainment and High Tech website segments. Created targeted interactive campaigns for select clients, increasing loyalty by 75% in three-month timeframe. Implemented online business processes to increase new business leads by 110% in one year I'm proficient at marketing strategy, enterprise, and industry analysis.]
16536141, [I got my bachelor of science in telecommunications and speech from kutztown. As a Associate Producer, I worked from 01/2000 to 10/2003. And my major duty is Wrote, produced and directed promotional campaigns for brands.. Collaborated with videographers, editors, designers and talent for production.. Collaborated with team leadership and other key stakeholders on key editing and production decisions.Produced [Number] television and digital news segments each [Time period].Led concept development, graphics, storytelling and delivery of segment ideas.Wrote, produced and cut concepts and spots for show launches, current shows and advertiser-sponsored campaigns. I'm proficient at sitecore and wordpress copywriting and editing email campaigns google analytics apple mac platforms and applications microsoft office suite seo ppc campaigns salesforce radian and other social media listening tools social media platforms and engagement consoles video content development including scriptwriting and storyboarding, photoshop video editing software including avid, and final cut pro and apple imovie content development and strategy content management systems including blogger.]
12085736, [I got my bachelors of science in computer science from university of maryland. As a Client Data Analyst, I worked from 06/2007 to 03/2008. And my major duty is Provided on-line customer support for leading software's, RoboForm Pro, RoboForm2Go and  Goodsync, through web based customer support application.. Assisted Customers with downloading, activation, and technical issues via telephone.. Handled organization computerized shipping and receiving of goods.. Performed verification of on-line purchase, authentication of credit card as well as other  payment methods. I'm proficient at negotiation, technical documentation, and newsletters.]
20210676, [I got my b   a   communication in communication from george mason university. As a Reporter, I worked from 06/2006 to now.And my major duty is Wrote articles covering commercial real estate in a real-time news environment.. Wrote daily for eNewsletter.. Standardized press releases for publication.. Promoted to the position of Reporter II in June 2007, after taking on more challenging assignments, writing daily and monthly columns, and tackling a wider array of subject matter. I'm proficient at compliance, develop content, and proficient use of google analytics.]
22706174, [I got my bachelor of arts in elementary education from university of north florida elementary education. As a Teacher's Assistant, And my major duty is Provide support for teacher, allowing maximum time for planning and teaching.. Worked alongside teacher to create and provide students with a positive, well-organized, functional classroom for maximized instructional time.. Assist the teacher with implementing the daily curriculum and management of the classroom.. Supported lead teacher in creating a successful learning environment.. Reinforce lessons by reviewing with student's one-on-one or in small groups.. Attend all staff trainings, in-services and workshops.. Treated confidential information about students and staff in a professional and ethical manner.. Established and maintained a cooperative, supportive and effective relationship with all personnel. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, e mail, and strategy development.]
18354623, [I got my bachelors of science in web and graphic design from liberty university. As a ELECTRONIC MARKETING SPECIALIST, I worked from 05/2004 to now.And my major duty is Supervised daily website maintenance.. Ensured aesthetic consistency while servicing 250K key industrial decision makers.. Incorporated cost-saving technologies and saved the company $20K.. Managed and enhanced automating processes and tapped into in house technical expertise.. Responsible for and maintained a strict adherence to a $200K budget.. Recruited, evaluated, hired and supervised outside vendors.. Planned projects and uphold expected outcomes according to schedule, as well as kept up on issues and brought about swift and efficient resolutions.. Co-created graphical elements and PDF's, along with other traditional and Internet avenues.. Redesigned and implemented highly effective email marketing campaigns to assist in driving traffic and increase online sales revenue to ensure corporate goals were met.. Fostered positive open relationships with the sales force and upper management to mitigate concerns and promote successful online advertising programs, such as:  Banner and text ads, video advertising and online surveys.. Created and maintained marketing collateral; media timelines, stat sheets, sales guides and Web reports. I'm proficient at websites, pdf, and hiring.]
17432318, [I got my bs in business management from delaware state university. As a Foreign Casualty Production Underwriter, I worked from January 2011 to January 2013. And my major duty is Served in a dual functional role while participating in ACE's Early Career Development / Trainee program by processing multinational service requests, and assisting experienced underwriters.. Analyze hundreds of risks by underwriting comprehensive international new business and renewal package policies including general liability, property, cargo, foreign voluntary worker's comp, auto, kidnap and ransom, and accidental death & dismemberment.. Conducted a offsite broker meetings each month to market ACE's insurance products while also making sales calls to brokers, participating in monthly production meetings, conducting market research and cross selling activities.. Heavily contributed to our regional premium goal with $580,448 in bound premium. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, creative thinking, and enterprise.]
11797122, [As a Aviation Machinist Mate, And my major duty is Supervised the creation and validation of anti-terrorism plans on all ships.. Developed and led training programs in preparation for combat.. Operated and maintained communications equipment.. Documented and processed classified materials.. Recommended retransmission equipment employment based on capabilities of the equipment and the mission requirements.. Guided and coordinated unit's force protection programs to meet fleet requirements.. Planned and briefed personnel on missions.. Established and commanded field communication operations.. Routinely checked measuring equipment to resolve testing problems.. Monitored production operations for compliance with specifications and promptly reported defects.. Discarded and rejected products, materials and equipment that did not meet specifications.. Worked within flight operations to maintain a culture of safety with efficient procedures.. Prepared and filed flight plans both domestic and international, utilizing all available resources and aircraft capabilities for maximum efficiency.. Ensured that all aircraft operational matters were within manufacturers, FAA and company limits including fuel loading, weight and balance and performance measures.. Coordinated communication between air traffic control and maintenance personnel.. Performed and supervised airfield management activities.. Monitored gauges, warning devices and control panels to verify aircraft performance and to regulate engine speed.. Calculated the aircraft weight and balance, performance and fuel requirements.. Assisted with the Safety Risk Management (SRM) process.. Announced and demonstrated safety and emergency procedures. I'm proficient at clean d o t, osha regulatory compliance, and quality control.]
16332293, [I got my bachelor   s degree in automotive technology from university of california   city. As a Automobile Service Manager, And my major duty is Clearly defined employee responsibilities and tracked performance.. Assisted with initial diagnostics and supervised vehicle work.. Ensured that customer and employee areas were kept clean and organized.. Managed service requests and prepared a database listing such requests.. Ensured timely completion of vehicle services.. Coordinated with sales team to prepare marketing strategies. I'm proficient at sales, marketing strategies, and inventory.]
28790806, [I got my bachelor of technology in bachelor of technology from anna university. As a PRODUCTION SUPPORT ANALYST, I worked from Jan 2012 to Feb 2013. And my major duty is DATA MANAGEMENT RETURN TO SERVICE. The primary objective of the project is to maintain Extract Transform Load (ETL) portfolio of projects at enterprise level.In a production support role, provided quick problem resolution to daily, weekly, and monthly processing cycles executing in Datastage/Informatica. Over this period, I have established an exemplary record of providing successful system support and delivering business value for mid-level to large business intelligence applications.  Also worked on Service Requests developing ETL Datastage jobs for small business requirements. I'm proficient at data archival into ibm biginsights with hive tables, hands on experience on ibm db netezza sql server oracle, and experience in control m scheduling tool.]
91515108, [I got my education in child development   psychology from los angeles harbor college. As a dfyaerh, I worked from January 2005 to January 2006. And my major duty is Communicate and interact with insureds, banks, mortgagees, and lien holders.. Explain benefits, effects of changes, and coverages in layman terms.. Re-underwrite policies in compliance with underwriting guidelines and to prevent premium leakage.. Review policy contract with insureds.. Answer insured questions regarding deductibles. I'm proficient at ca, insurance, and processes.]
32109048, [I got my master of science   criminal justice in criminal justice sociology from sul ross state university. As a Immediate Response Unit Representative,  I'm proficient at lexis nexis, telephones, and insurance.]
11152490, [I got my master of arts   organizational management in organizational management from wayland baptist university. As a Human Resource Manager, I worked from 01/1998 to 09/2001. And my major duty is Researched and evaluated management practices in the construction industry, training and development programs, leadership principles and employee relations.. Managed human resource activities for direct reports in regards to: recruiting and selection, hiring and termination, training, professional development, mentoring, counseling, performance evaluations, and salary planning.. Coordinated and facilitated, OSHA training, for new and current employees and, instructed classes to ensure employees stay in compliance with state and federal regulations.. Maintained the work structure by updating job requirements and job descriptions for all positions.. Maintained organization staff by establishing a recruiting, testing, and interviewing program; counseling managers on candidate selection; conducting and analyzing exit interviews; recommending changes.. Prepared employees for assignments by establishing and conducting orientation and training programs.. Maintained a pay plan by conducting periodic pay surveys; scheduling and conducting job evaluations; preparing pay budgets; monitoring and scheduling individual pay actions; recommending, planning, and implementing pay structure revisions.. Ensured planning, monitoring, and appraisal of employee work results by training managers to coach and discipline employees; scheduling management conferences with employees; hearing and resolving employee grievances; counseling employees and supervisors.. Maintained employee benefits programs and informs employees of benefits by studying and assessing benefit needs and trends; recommending benefit programs to management; directing the processing of benefit claims; obtaining and evaluating benefit contract bids; awarding benefit contracts; designing and conducting educational programs on benefit programs.. Ensured legal compliance by monitoring and implementing applicable human resource federal and state requirements; conducting investigations; maintaining records; representing the organization at hearings.. Maintained management guidelines by preparing, updating, and recommending human resource policies and procedures.. Maintained historical human resource records by designing a filing and retrieval system; keeping past and current records.. Maintained professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.. Completed human resource operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.. Maintained human resource staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.. Maintained human resource staff job results by counseling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.. Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. I'm proficient at acrobat pro, ms office, and photoshop.]
99680385, [I got my material science engineer diploma in material science from ecole nationale arts   metiers. As a Consulting Engineer, I worked from 10/2007 to now. I'm proficient at engineer, six sigma, and material science.]
15790602, [I got my master   s degree   business administration in  from florida southern college. As a NEWSPAPER REPORTER, And my major duty is Covered city government, general news and feature stories.. Promoted to business writer and reported on financial topics while studying for MBA. I'm proficient at aol, leadership, and zip.]
17510973, [I got my business administration in business administration from southern new hampshire university. As a Plan Administration Specialist, And my major duty is Administered all aspects of NADART plans including preparing, verifying and posting employee and employer contributions, earnings and fees.. Communicated effectively with Plan Administrators to train on daily processing activities.. Assist with all inquiries by Plan Administrators over the phone and respond to all written correspondence.. Processed account reversals, commonly controlled transfers, affiliated transfers and evaluate and process rehired employees.. Provided administrative support assistance, i.e.. letters, reports, mailings, copies, proofreading, etc.. Used a comprehensive understanding of company policies, procedures, and operations in order to perform a variety of administrative duties. I'm proficient at medical terminology, scanners, and letters.]
23522150, [I got my  in english from collin county community college. As a Administrative Assistant and Medical Transcriptionist, I worked from 08/1998 to 06/2002. And my major duty is Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence. .Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.Designed electronic file systems and maintained electronic and paper files. .Recorded and filed patient data and medical records. .Strictly followed all federal and state guidelines for release of information. .Wrote clear and detailed clinical phone messages for physicians. Retrieved physician correspondence from dictation service and made edits when necessary. I'm proficient at problem solver, phone, and sales.]
11257723, [I got my b   s   journalism in journalism from southern illinois university. As a Senior General Liability Claims Representative, And my major duty is Directly responsible for investigating general liability claims, such as slip and falls, municipality claims involving wrongful death allegations.. Required to work closely with clients to complete the investigation of claims, determine liability, and evaluate settlements.. Required to understand services offered to assist in outside sales presentations.. In conjunction with Risk Management General Counsel supervised litigated claims.. Managed multimillion dollar settlements in conjunction with Risk Management partners        and Defense Counsel. I'm proficient at self directed, strong interpersonal and communication skills, and litigation resolution.]
14455622, [I got my bachelor of science in airframe   powerplant license aviation maintenance and management from lewis university. As a Aircraft Maintenance Supervisor, I worked from 10/1984 to now.And my major duty is Managed all general aviation aircraft maintenance, management and purchasing functions for a FAA approved Fixed Based Operation on a 110 aircraft based airport.. Accountable for Profit & Loss.. Managed 4 direct employees.. Managed and performed 25 Hour, 50 Hour, 100 Hour and Annual maintenance inspections, engine repair and general maintenance.. Performed all purchasing functions including: Customer and vendor RFQ's; Customer and vendor pricing and negotiations; Vendor search and selection and Purchase order execution.. Aircraft serviced include: Aero Commander, Beechcraft, Cessna, Grumman, Piper and Pitts customer and rental aircraft. I'm proficient at sales manager, operations management, and paint.]
84295343, [I got my associate of arts   legal studies in legal studies from keiser university. As a Paralegal, And my major duty is Manage all administrative tasks for three senior partners.. Compose and revise legal documents for attorneys.. Ensure legal documents are processed and handled in a timely and efficient manner in order to comply with appropriate regulations and deadlines.. Perform whatever is necessary to get the job done to provide the firm's clients with excellent service and performance. I'm proficient at research, attorney, and clients.]
78357954, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from kean university. As a Shift Manager, I worked from September 2000 to May 2001. And my major duty is 12 Employees Handled inventory and controlled cash Maintained a safe work environment for all co-workers Managed shift by instruction Ordered products for store and customer sales Closed store and performed necessary duties. I'm proficient at speaking, direction, and staffing.]
24703983, [I got my associate of applied science in associate of applied science from normandale community college. As a Accountant, And my major duty is Processed monthly financial statements.. Reconciled all balance sheet accounts.. Processed and paid monthly state, county and city tax returns.. Researched and responded to customer inquiries regarding monthly statements.. Implemented and tested accounting system conversion. I'm proficient at year end, accounting systems, and sales.]
47487091, [I got my bachelor of science in computer science from california state university of san bernardino. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at ca, data entry, and san.]
23009962, [I got my bachelor of arts sociology in sociology from ramapo college of new jersey sociology. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and book.]
22732234, [I got my bachelor of arts   science   criminal justice in criminal justice from florida a   m university. As a Business Wireless Care Supervisor, I worked from 05/2005 to 10/2009. And my major duty is Led and assisted a diverse team of twelve that was responsible for supporting the design, engineering and implementation of complex integrated product/network solutions.. Supervised and monitored the team's work flow to ensure an adequate work balance; reassigned resources where necessary to meet project deadlines in a timely manner.. Participated in hiring, termination, performance and salary reviews.. Contributed in weekly conference calls to discuss team goals and present new information used to improve customer service. I'm proficient at skillful initiation in organizing and coordinating team meetings to manage and planned performance adherence, adjusting the flow and sequencing of the work to meet team needs, and strong leader with proven development abilities.]
18448085, [I got my masters of science in industrial and systems engineering from binghamton university. As a consultant, And my major duty is a self-storage company to classify the customers as 'worthy' and 'not worthy' based on their activity on the company website using the Random Forest algorithm.. Built the model in R and model deployment using Python.. Currently building a reservation model for Public Storage to forecast if the customer would reserve the storage or not. I'm proficient at leadership, six sigma, and layout.]
11887930, [I got my bachelor of arts   criminal justice in criminal justice   legal studies city   state   us the university of texas at san antonio               bachelor of arts in criminal justice   emphasis in legal studies from southwest texas junior college. As a Sr. Administrative Support Associate, General Counsel, I worked from September 2007 to March 2008. And my major duty is Managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment.. Identified process improvement opportunities and implemented changes to gain operational efficiencies within department.. Developed and maintained complex spreadsheets. Maintained data sources for departmental records and management information reporting.. Provided information in support of complex requests for department projects, programs and events.. Handled all aspects in planning and carrying out regular training events for client education.. Supported development and modification of presentations.. Collected data and generated management information reports and graphics.. Provided comprehensive support services and routine analysis to unit.. Assisted in various types of departmental project, including companywide initiatives. ◦ Using Microsoft SharePoint created department website for posting secured self-service resources for client use and to facilitate collaboration on documents and projects. ◦ Responsible for maintaining,monitoring and updating site content and security groups. I'm proficient at leads, security, and sharepoint.]
14508237, [I got my ba   psychology in psychology from cedar valley community college. As a Waitress/Cashier/Hostess, I worked from Jan 2016 to May 2016. And my major duty is Operate a cash register including cash transactions, checks, charges.. Greet customers in a timely, professional and engaging manner.. Follow through on all customer questions and requests.. Answer the telephone using the appropriate greeting.. Observe customers and check identification for proof-of-age; deny sale of alcohol to underage or intoxicated customers.. Maintain check-out area: fill register supplies, bags; wipe counter tops.. Handle customer issues that may arise.. Take food and drink orders.. Meet and greet customers.. Operate cash register and receive payment from customer in cash or credit card.. Provide excellent customer care.. Responsible for the cleanliness and organization of assigned food venue.. Promote positive guest relations. I'm proficient at caregiver, nurse assistant caregiver, and outlook.]
15100547, [I got my bachelor of arts   english literature in english literature from texas a   m university. As a Claims Trainee, I worked from Oct 2002 to Aug 2004. And my major duty is Mastered basic claims handling in a high demand atmosphere.. Property Damage Assessor- Estimated vehicle damages, managed preferred repair shops, informed customers.. of the repair process, repair quality assurance Casualty Adjuster- Completed detailed review of medical records/ bills, negotiated settlements with attorneys, monitored files for possible lawsuit potential. I'm proficient at negotiation, medical record review, and quality assurance.]
97449528, [I got my bachelor   psychology ba in psychology in administratin   business   health major in business administration from university of colorado. As a Office Management Specialist / Office Administrator, And my major duty is Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software. Addressed and resolved non-routine, complex and unexpected variances.. Provided reliable and timely project by project expense, capitalization, amortization and spend data for all departments.. Efficiently implemented short-term tracking factoring in possible long-term tracking strategies.. Coordinated all department functions for team of 10 employees.. Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.. Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.. Supervised and trained admitting, billing and collection staff.. Created databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory management and reporting accuracy.. Implemented updated online collection procedures for payment, increasing on-time payments by [Number]%.Implemented updated online collection procedures for payment, increasing on-time payments by 98 %.. Managed incoming and outgoing calls for busy Internet website.Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments and clients. I'm proficient at excellent customer serviceand case management.]
26341645, [I got my bachelor of science   management information systems in management information systems from northeastern. As a CALL RECEIVER/CUSTOMER SERVICE, I worked from 01/1998 to now.And my major duty is Handled emergency road service requests, courteously and completely complying with AAA's Five Diamond Service Standards.. Resolved and handled problem calls using AAA's Five Diamond Advanced Plus Service Standards.. Assisted members with after hour trip route requests and travel information.. Recommended additional AAA products and services with increased sales to the southern New England area.. Operate computer to enter customer inquiries and correct data when needed using Windows 95.. Assist the supervisor with training new employees in customer service department. I'm proficient at sharepoint, publisher, and windows nt.]
82140102, [I got my high school diploma in high school from john f   kennedy high school. As a Adjuster, I worked from 07/2018 to Current. And my major duty is Manage, Investigate, evaluate and negotiate moderate to high exposure, complex coverage and liability claims resulting from automobile accidents.. Communicate with insureds, claimants, witnesses, police and other parties in order to gather information regarding coverage and liability.. Negotiate and settle bodily injury claims directly with insured's and claimants on first call.. Making sure correct reserves are opened for each exposure.. Evaluate medical records, demand packages on injury claims to determine valuation of each claim using Mitchell Decision Point and Claims IQ.. Negotiate settlement of injury claims with attorneys within the first 60 days.. Identify fraud indicators for special investigation referral.. Recognize recovery opportunities in regards to subrogation and salvage.I worked from 10/2016 to 06/2018. And my major duty is Investigate, evaluate and negotiate moderate to high exposures, complex coverage and liability claims resulting from automobile accidents.. Recognize excess exposures and effectively communicate verbally and in writing to all parties.. Assist internal and external customers with problems or questions regarding claims by phone or through written correspondence while providing a high level of customer service.. Negotiate and settle bodily injury claims directly with insured's and claimants on first call.. Making sure correct reserves are opened for each exposure.. Negotiate timely and appropriate settlements with claimants, insureds and attorneys and issue payments.. Identify and refer suspicious claims to a Special Investigation Unit.. Recognize recovery opportunities in regards to subrogation and salvage.I worked from 07/2015 to 10/2016. And my major duty is Investigate, evaluate, negotiate and settle 1st and 3rd party homeowners property claims ranging from low to high complexity.. Managed third party vendors for temporary housing, handling claims in compliance with various state guidelines.. Assist internal and external customers with problems or questions regarding claims by phone or through written correspondence while providing a high level of customer service.. Facilitated services of local police departments and vendors to assist insured with coordination of emergency benefits and services.. Recognized and Processed claims as needed for subrogation.I worked from 10/2006 to 06/2015. And my major duty is Investigate, evaluate and negotiate moderate to high exposures, multi vehicle, disputed/undisputed liability claims.. Interact effectively with customers, lawyers, medical providers, insurance agents and other public personnel involved in the claims process.. Document claims files accurately and promptly while maintain company metric goals.. Provide excellent customer service while delivering difficult conversations.. Mentoring less experienced adjusters and assisting in their training and development. I'm proficient at phone, customer service, and insurance.]
17571262, [I got my associate of arts   business management in business management from university of phoenix. As a Assistant Community Sales Associate, I worked from May 1998 to Sep 2001. And my major duty is Communicated recommendations to the builder of home phase construction.. Created and maintained customer files and implemented a computer tracking system for status updates.. Demonstrated homes, assisted with the selection of floor plans and options while resolving customer service related issues.. Maintained or exceeded 100% adherence to new home sales goals. I'm proficient at production scheduling, online marketing, and policies and procedures.]
32069695, [I got my ba   sociology in sociology from suny old westbury college. As a Bank Teller, I worked from March 1995 to February 1996. And my major duty is Processed sales referrals and promoted bank services and products, resulting in 25Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.Processed cash withdrawals.Adhered to Citi-banks security and audit procedures.25% branch sales increase.Maintained confidentiality of bank records and client information.Directed specific questions to appropriate branch personnel.Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service. I'm proficient at insurance, equity, and attention to detail.]
22946204, [I got my master of science in mechanical design and automation from university of pennsylvania   school of eng   and applied science aug        master of science   mech   eng     applied mechanics jun city   state mech   eng     applied mechanics jun harbin institute of technology. As a Mechanical Technician, I worked from August 2013 to September 2013. And my major duty is Check, report on reducer components, automobile chassis producing, processing and assembly line.. Trained in mechanical manufacturing fundamentals in industrial production of automobiles.. Mechatronics & Robotics: Experienced in designing and building Mechatronic systems and Robots, including self-balanced vehicle and autonomous hockey-playing robots (more info: www.robockey.com), etc.. Familiar with embedded system, especially Arduino micro-controller.. Highly efficient in C and assembly language programming on autonomous systems.. Solid knowledge and practices in Robotics and Kinematics.. Participate in projects on planning robot trajectory of PUMA 260 robot arm long-exposure light painting and Haptic Rendering and Motion Control with the Phantom Robot.. Mechanical Engineering Experienced in mechanical CAD softwares(6 yrs).. Undergraduate thesis focuses on "Mechanical Design of a Flexible-Assembly-System(FAS) for tubes" which is fully designed and analyzed in AutoCAD and Solidworks.. UAV & Quadrotor: Solid knowledge on quadrotor dynamics, motion planning, graph search, trajectory planning.. Hands-on projects on Dynamic Modeling, Control and Simulation of an Autonomous Quadrotor, including simulation, 3D Path Planning against obstacles using Dijkstra and A* algorithms, Trajectory Generation and Control and Lab Experiments with KMel.. Plenty amount of practices on implement Kalman Filter, Extended Kalman Filter on real system with uncertainty.. Computer Vision: Study on camera model, projective geometry, optical flow and RANSAC (Random Sample Consensus) in scene analysis and automated cartography.. Projects on vision based robot pose (position, row/pitch/yaw angles) estimation; velocity estimation based on optical flow; implementing Error State Kalman Filter to eliminate real system noise.. Control System Study on Feedback Control systems including Laplace transformation, transform function, block diagram, PID control, Bode Plot, Root Locus, Frequency Response and Stability Robustness.. Research on Ping-Pong ball position control by PIXY camera and smart transporting project of avoiding multi-vehicles crash involving study on "string stability".. Machine Learning Experienced in Supervised Learning (Regression, Decision Tree, Neural Networks, KNN, SVM, Naïve Bayes Classifiers), Unsupervised Learning (Clustering, PCA, Matrix Factorization), etc.. Trained a learning model combining Logistic Regression (LASSO), Linear SVM, intersection kernel SVM and Adaboost to predict tweeter users' gender by their tweets, profiles and graphic information.. Programming Efficient on Python and Java with a variety of hand-on projects involving exercises of data structure, algorithms, GUI.. Good programming habits including unit test, test driven development (TDD).. 5+ years of expertise in C language and Matlab with projects about simulations, analysis and tool- making in mathematic, mechanical and electrical areas. I'm proficient at c language, networks, and system design.]
63989974, [I got my bachelors of science in science from devry university. As a System Administrator Consultant, And my major duty is Provide training and support for various software applications to increase user productivity and network efficiency.. Administer domain accounts and resolved network security issues.. Upgraded and installed desktop, laptops, and server with ram, hard drives, network interface cards, video cards and CD ROMs Upgraded workstation and servers to Windows NT workstation/ server, and configured printer servers Configured and troubleshot LAN Ethernet10baseT and token ring environment Provided tier 3 helpdesk support for 120 users via email and phone support on Microsoft products office suites, and MS Exchange services Performed troubleshooting for network and printer connectivity issues Provide analysis of network structure and offer suggestion to increase system performance for maximum network efficiency.. Supported six network servers and 120 clients. I'm proficient at microsoft products, ibm, and hard drives.]
15484011, [I got my  in  from uei college. As a Flight Attendant, I worked from 04/2000 to now.And my major duty is Customer Service Ticket Agent:   Excellent decision making skills with a positive attitude.. Communication skills with the ability to deliver onboard announcement in a professional manner.. Provided leadership, direction and assisted in the performance of all safety and passenger services. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and insurance.]
18932512, [I got my general studies in general studies from crenshaw high school. As a Service Specialist, I worked from August 2005 to March 2007. And my major duty is I was responsible for assisting stranded motorist in need of roadside assistance in a fast paced call center environment, responding to 200-300 calls on an average daily bases.. Talk time was not to last any longer than 2-3 minutes Also responding to incoming member requests for emergency road service, which includes accurately recording of the event, effectively resolving member concerns and appropriately setting member expectations in accordance with their membership benefits.. Other duties included selling memberships to new members. I'm proficient at sales, customer service, and type wpm.]
15210069, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from regis university. As a Security Police Superintendent, And my major duty is Supervised the Security Forces at Cheyenne Mountain AFS (NORAD).. Supervised and trained all Information/Industrial Security Inspector for NORAD.. Responsible for monitoring all emergency response exercise at NORAD.. Ensured the safety of all base weapons, property and personnel from hostile forces.. Directed vehicle and pedestrian traffic on base.. Leads and organizes Security Police operations.. Enforced standards of conduct, discipline, and adherence to laws and directives.. Carried out Security Police on-scene commander function.. Oversaw and evaluated unit performance.. Developed Security Police plans, policies, procedures, and instructions.. Assessed installation or deployed location vulnerabilities.. Established programs, plans, and policies to protect Air Force combat capabilities.. Developed orientation and education programs for information security.. Developed and managed force protection and antiterrorism programs and training. I'm proficient at processes, strong organizational skills, and equity.]
25047127, [I got my health education and general science in health education and general science from jackson state university. As a Executive Assistant/Special Events, I worked from Aug 2006 to May 2015. And my major duty is Responsible for direct customer service, worksite direction, food preparation and serving, and creative direction for a catering company servicing a diverse clientele and broad range of events with high guest counts (including mayoral inaugurations, class and family reunions, weddings, retirement parties, etc.). Executive assistance: Worked closely with business owner by managing events calendars, handle scheduling/ booking, directing team in owner's absence, addressing customer concerns, tracking employees hours, etc.. Worksite assistance: Assisted in the setup of special event locations, loading and unloading equipment and supplies, establishing food stations and “behind-the-scenes” prep areas, and setting up guest areas and tables. I'm proficient at meticulous attention to detail, strong problem solver, and advanced ms office suite knowledge.]
22452756, [I got my puc  nd year diploma   computer applications in computer applications from f   b   international computer school. As a Customer Relations Officer, And my major duty is Looked after the Sales & Services of TVS Motorcycles.. Besides I was.. In charge of Clients Bikes Services before and after Sales.. Looked after.. All the Complaints and handled all the problem associated with the Bike.. Clients compliance was my asset. I'm proficient at engineer, sales, and clients.]
24592627, [I got my bachelor   s degree   management in management from long beach comm   college   city. As a Deputy Sheriff, I worked from January 1972 to January 1973. And my major duty is In the Sheriff's Academy, Biscailuz Center Jail and Main County Jail. I'm proficient at ca, attorney, and supervision.]
51508889, [I got my bachelor of science in computer applications from visva bharati university. As a System Analyst, I worked from November 2004 to March 2005. And my major duty is The WEX-ONLINE system was designed to control the expenditure of the drivers belonging to an account by issuing charge cards. This system has various workflows for managing the driver and card creation and maintenance processes. It was integrated with Siebel, which acted as the CRM repository.. Activities Performed:. Transformed business process specifications into technical specifications through analysis. Design the Web application flow based on MVC architecture using Jakarta-Struts Framework. Develop Model and Action classes for the application developing in Struts framework.. Used JSP and servlets to develop front end for the Web tools. Developed EJBs (Session beans). Developed various processes for processing HTTP and FTP activities.. Xpath Configurations for various requirement in application.. Developed JDBC based connectivity in the applications. I'm proficient at os windows nt, configuration management, and ide tools tibco mdm.]
15180322, [I got my culinary arts aa degree in culinary arts from baltimore international college city. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at arts, clients, and sales.]
24221960, [I got my associate of science in medical coder and billing        santa fe college   city   state   united states of america medical coder and billing   health information management from santa fe college. As a Crew member, I worked from March 2013 to December 2013. And my major duty is Dairy Queen - Gainesville, Florida.. I've done everything from opening the store with one other co worker at 8 am in the morning to closing the store at 11 pm.. almost every night.. I've also worked several double shifts throughout my time there.. My experience is generally cashier & line cook. customer service based.. Daily cleaning duties I'm proficient at research, interpersonal skills, and organizational skills.]
24673903, [I got my business city   state in business from . As a Assistant Food and Beverage Manager, I worked from May 2003 to April 2005. And my major duty is Worked a liaison between membership and management to ensure all requirement where meet for a satisfying experience at a golf/tennis/pool facility.. Was continuously asked to manage private and company events due to hard work and commitment to excellence.. Ordered beverages to maintain sufficient stock, scheduled staff, and  excellent customer service. ]
19007667, [As a Line Cook, And my major duty is Set up and prep work for all food items.. Prepared various daily lunch special items.. Assisted in producing food for catered events.. Conducted daily food inventory and ordering. I'm proficient at delivery, english, and retail.]
30311202, [I got my diploma in curtis senior high school from curtis senior high school. I have 3 work experiences. And my major duty is Cleaned, sanitized and maintained food storage, preparation and serving areas.. Instructed cooks and other workers in preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food. Monitored quality, presentation and quantities of plated food across line.. Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.. Monitored kitchen area and staff to maintain overall safety and establish proper food handling techniques.. Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.. Implemented surface and equipment schedules and standards to maintain clean, neat and sanitized kitchen.. Checked stock deliveries for safety, quality and quantity.. Inspected freezers and refrigerators prior to each shift to check temperature levels and verify proper functionality.. Collaborated with department staff to prepare food items in accordance with recipes and established standards.. Supervised preparation of specialty items and customer requests to verify accuracy in production.. Oversaw hiring, training and development of kitchen employees.. Assigned specific duties to employees to maintain productive operation of kitchen and food service.. Talked to patrons about dietary issues and food allergies to prepare meals meeting individual needs.. Managed kitchen staff team and assigned various stages of food production.. Reduced food costs by estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.. Supervised cooks and kitchen staff, providing direction in preparing specialty items and ethnic cuisine.And my major duty is Maintained highest food quality standards regarding food inventory procedures, food storage and rotation.. Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.. Assisted head chef with scheduling, training and professional development for team.. Supervised all kitchen food preparation in demanding, high-volume environment.. Performed as head chef as needed to maintain team productivity and restaurant quality.. Conducted daily line checks, food reviews and taste tests to make improvements and correct deficiencies.. Plated food according to restaurant artistic guidelines to promote attractive presentation.. Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.. Helped staff adhere to tough restaurant requirements through practical discipline and motivation.. Directed staff in restaurant kitchen and field to maintain department objectives, standards, guidelines and budget.. Oversaw kitchen employee scheduling to meet all coverage needs and avoid wasted labor.. Maximized customer satisfaction and team operations by executing command-based structure and staff performance oversight.. Assisted with interviewing, hiring and training kitchen personnel.. Conducted frequent line checks to keep food at proper temperatures in holding zones.. Built strong vendor relationships to bring in top ingredients at optimal prices.. Streamlined kitchen processes to shorten wait times and serve additional guests.. Managed shift of 25-30 staff, including cooks, bakers, dishwashers and front of house team members.. Liaised with vendors to purchase optimal recipe ingredients at cost-effective rates.. Liaised closely with kitchen and other departments, including front-of-house personnel.. Improved performance of team members resulting in high-quality meals produced daily.And my major duty is Operated fryers and grills according to instructions to maintain safety and food quality.. Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.. Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.. Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct food temperature for high scores on health inspections.. Restocked food items throughout shift to prepare necessary ingredients for cooking and timely service.. Maintained hygienic kitchen by regularly mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing all utensils and glassware.. Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.. Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.. Grilled and deep fried various foods from meats to potatoes.. Maintained safe operations of food prep equipment to reduce complications and retain safety procedures.. Assisted in preparation of menu items ranging from burgers to sandwiches.. Washed and peeled ingredients to prepare for different meals and recipes.. Precooked certain items during slow periods to reduce wait times during lunch and dinner rush.. Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.. Recorded and reported status of various ingredient stock levels to notify manager to reorder products.. Prepared dishes in fast-paced environment working with teammates to maintain high customer satisfaction rate.. Cooked multiple orders simultaneously during busy periods.. Supervised cooks and kitchen staff, providing direction in preparing specialty items and ethnic cuisine.. Mentored and trained staff by teaching cooking skills and kitchen maintenance, improving overall quality and performance.. Developed process to accurately track food costs more efficiently, saving in food waste. I'm proficient at purchasing, waste control, and verbal and written communication.]
11121498, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from culinary institute of america. As a Externship, And my major duty is Operated wood-fired kitchen equipment including oven, grill and spit.. Produced Italian charcuterie, including fresh and fermented cures as well as cooked.. Worked with daily changing menu, utilizing seasonal regional ingredients. I'm proficient at heritage diets proven ability to manage daily demands of planning menus, able to accomodate changes of plans and special requests smoothly proficient cooking for specialty diets including various allergy and food sensitivities gluten free, and attention to detail.]
32518109, [I got my associates degree in it   management from fox valley technical college. As a Laborer & Crew Manager, And my major duty is Handled scheduling for crewman and arrival times for clients. Maintained a safe work environment for crewmen. Led crews of up to four people and partnered on crews up to eight I'm proficient at willingness to learn, team player, and out going.]
26718039, [As a Line Cook, I worked from Jan 1990 to Jun 2000. And my major duty is Set up and prep work for all food items.. Prepared various daily lunch special items.. Assisted in producing food for catered events.. Conducted daily food inventory and ordering. I'm proficient at delivery, english, and retail.]
23568731, [I got my associate of applied science in culinary arts from hudson county community college. As a Cook, I worked from 05/2011 to now.And my major duty is Inspect and clean food preparation areas, such as equipment and work surfaces, or serving areas to ensure safe and sanitary food-handling practices.. Ensure food is stored and cooked at correct temperature by regulating temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters.. Turn or stir foods to ensure even cooking.. Weigh, measure, and mix ingredients according to recipes or personal judgment, using various kitchen utensils and equipment.. Portion, arrange, and garnish food, and serve food to waiters or patrons.. Observe and test foods to determine if they have been cooked sufficiently, using methods such as tasting, smelling, or piercing them with utensils.. Wash, peel, cut, and seed fruits and vegetables to prepare them for consumption.. Substitute for or assist other cooks during emergencies or rush periods. I'm proficient at exceptional knife skills, excellent communication skills, and working well as a team member.]
14663897, [I got my high school diploma in high school from newington high school. As a Restaurant / Kitchen & Bar Manager, I worked from Aug 2009 to Aug 2012. And my major duty is Check identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.  					Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to incr  				 			 		identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.  					Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to increase business.  				 			 		identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.  					Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to increase business.  				 			 		identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.  					Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to increase business.  				 			 		identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.  					Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to increase business.  				 			 		identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol.Balance cash receipts.  					Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons. Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws. Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer.  					Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons. Clean bars, work areas, and tables. Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks. Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks. Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them. Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays. Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar. Order or requisition liquors and supplies. Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders. Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment. Collect money for drinks served. Plan bar menus. Create drink recipes. Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar. Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Monitor compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation and serving, and building maintenance in lodging and dining facilities. Monitor food preparation methods, portion sizes, and garnishing and presentation of food to ensure that food is prepared and presented in an acceptable manner.  					Count money and make bank deposits.  					Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.  					Coordinate assignments of cooking personnel to ensure economical use of food and timely preparation.  					Schedule and receive food and beverage deliveries, checking delivery contents to verify product quality and quantity.  					Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review financial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted. Maintain food and equipment inventories, and keep inventory records. Schedule staff hours and assign duties.  					Establish standards for personnel performance and customer service.  					Perform some food preparation or service tasks such as cooking, clearing tables, and serving food and drinks when necessary.  					Plan menus and food utilization based on anticipated number of guests, nutritional value, palatability, popularity, and costs.  					Keep records required by government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies when appropriate. Test cooked food by tasting and smelling it to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.  					Organize and direct worker training programs, resolve personnel problems, hire new staff, and evaluate employee performance in dining and lodging facilities.  					Order and purchase equipment and supplies.  					Review work procedures and operational problems to determine ways to improve service, performance, or safety.  					Assess staffing needs, and recruit staff using methods such as newspaper advertisements or attendance at job fairs. Arrange for equipment maintenance and repairs, and coordinate a variety of services such as waste removal and pest control.  					Record the number, type, and cost of items sold to determine which items may be unpopular or less profitable.  					Review menus and analyze recipes to determine labor and overhead costs, and assign prices to menu items.  					Monitor employee and patron activities to ensure liquor regulations are obeyed. Greet guests, escort them to their seats, and present them with menus and wine lists.  					Schedule use of facilities or catering services for events such as banquets or receptions, and negotiate details of arrangements with clients.  					Estimate food, liquor, wine, and other beverage consumption to anticipate amounts to be purchased or requisitioned.  					Create specialty dishes and develop recipes to be used in dining facilities. Establish and enforce nutritional standards for dining establishments based on accepted industry standards.  					Take dining reservations.  				 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 			 		 		 			 				 					Coordinate promotions from venders and promote/advertise to increase business. ]
21904897, [I got my high school diploma in high school from brentwood high school. As a Chef/Manager, And my major duty is Managed all inventory, cost control, sanitation, menu development, training and recruitment.. Prepared all soups and sauces.. Butchering skills utilized.. Ordered all food and beverage for on premise.. Scheduled all back of house staff.. Led shifts while personally preparing and executing food items for diners.. Accepted all deliveries to the kitchen and front of the house.. Able to keep up with multiple tasks in this face paced environment.. Knowledge of Health and Safety regulations required by the state of Vermont. I'm proficient at able to follow recipes, familiar with all aspects of the back of the house, and grilling and baking.]
23591247, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from kingsborough community college liberal arts. As a Head Cashier, I worked from March 2010 to December 2011. And my major duty is provide a comfortable environment for customers , knowledge of movies and videos. maintain inventory counts of merchandise and other product, daily cash counts I'm proficient at adobe premiere, cooking, and balance.]
16594812, [I got my  in applied science   medical billing and coding from grantham university online college. As a Cashier, I worked from April 2004 to August 2005. And my major duty is Process customer transactions.. Help customers apply for Sears credit cards.. Process customer return of merchandise.. Sort, fold, put away unwanted merchandise. I'm proficient at clients, sales reports, and tables.]
19831366, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from loyola university of chicago. As a Head line cook, And my major duty is Carved and cooked meats, poultry, game and meats           Cleaned, cut and ground meats, poultry, game and seafood           Particapated in cooking and prep with CDC and line cooks           Maintained a clean and safe work environment. I'm proficient at math, cooking, and costing.]
16804396, [I got my associate of applied science in associate of applied science from malcolm x college. As a Main prep, Cook, And my major duty is Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning,cooking and waste control guidelines.. Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchenequipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.. Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training,recruitment, private dining and catering.. Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and servicelevels.. Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.. Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals andkitchen sanitation.. Inspected kitchens to observe food preparation quality and service, food appearanceand cleanliness of production and service areas.. Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish,poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator,freezer or cooler.. Changed and sanitized all cutting boards, benches and surfaces when beginning anew task to avoid cross-contamination.. Cooked and served food and meals in accordance with planned menus, diet plans,recipes, portions, temperature control procedures and facility policies.Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. I'm proficient at leadership, goal driven, and microsoft office proficient.]
92122785, [I got my restaurant and hotel management in restaurant and hotel management from baltimore culinary college. As a Sous Chef, I worked from Jan 1990 to Jan 1996. And my major duty is Oversaw a staff of 100 kitchen personnel and maintained 5 star menu dishes and service Plan, direct, and supervise the food preparation and cooking activities of multiple kitchens of a large hotel.. Instruct cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing, and presentation of food.. Over the years I have had the pleasure of working with some of the best chefs in America, all of whom have played a significant role in my development as a chef.. My mentors include Peter Timmins CMC, Hartmunt Handke CMC, John Johnstone, CMC, Lawrence McFadden CMC, Keith Coughenour CEC, Alex Darvish, CEC and Richard Rosendale, CMC. I'm proficient at ca, sales, and platinum.]
27831220, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from florida culinary institute. As a Executive Chef, And my major duty is In charge of labor and sales projections, food costing, administration, scheduling,           inventory and ordering.. Took on line responsibilities (working chef) when necessary and managed quality           control.. Included planningand execution of special events and banquets up to 500 people           in-house.. Ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily           kitchen work.. Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen           equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues. I'm proficient at pricing, sales, and quality control.]
13411858, [I got my bachelor of arts   athletic training   sports medicine in athletic training   sports medicine from grossmont college. As a Founder/Public Relations/Lead Instructor, And my major duty is Raised in an entrepreneurial family, I opened my own dance and tumbling school at 18. I researched prime location options, formulated a vision and successful business plan that I implemented on my own.  Thirty students quickly skyrocketed to hundreds (both youth and adults).  My ability to interact with my clients in a courteous and positive manner secured their loyalty and patronage. This business venture put me thru college and made me a substantial income.  At 28, when ready to retire from teaching, I marketed and "sold" my clientele to another local dance school for a truly substantial profit. I'm proficient at high level of professionalism, self driven, and goal setting.]
25924968, [I got my bachelor of science in culinary management from art institute of california. As a Waiter/Pastry, I worked from July 1999 to August 2003.  I'm proficient at abc, staffing, and skilled and experienced managing food production for high volume restaurants.]
34252537, [I got my bachelor degree   marketing in marketing from georgia institute of technology. As a Executive Kitchen Managers, I worked from 01/1983 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for the BOH operations: hired, trained and supervised kitchen staff, managed budgets, negotiate vendors contracts and prepared food according to quality standards Accountable for monthly and annual budgets including action plans to drive sales by consistent high quality food and service standards Manage 38 employees and inspected work performance as well as safety and hygiene, in compliance with government regulations Prepare daily production sheets, ensure stocking of all stations, certify adherence to recipe & portion servings Accurately estimate food consumption and the requisition of supplies resulting in reduced cost Working with GM, assisted in the Grand Opening of eight new restaurants Negotiated contracts with vendors, administered the receiving of goods ensuring accuracy and freshness Developed work schedules, trained incoming staff and mentored employees to assume leadership roles. I'm proficient at leadership, abc, and consulting.]
81373857, [I got my bachelor of science   computer science in computer science from university of maryland college park. As a Manager, I worked from 07/2010 to now.And my major duty is Worked on a Building campaign and domestic tasks.. Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve service issues.I worked from 01/2010 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Worked directly with customers and employees Attending to front desk and answering calls Engaging in invigorating task in the workplace Rock Creek Sports Club January 2012 Floor Management Assisted Managers Clean, Replaced tiles Marketing i.e.. create/distribute marketing tools to attract customers Maintain floor equipment. I'm proficient at math, powerpoint, and marketing.]
92985983, [I got my associate of occupational science in culinary from le cordon bleu college of culinary arts. As a Sous Chef, And my major duty is Acting manager of staff of 70 employees. Controlled purchasing of food, beverage, equipment, tableware, and expendables. Maintain a budget of 1.5M. Responsible for special functions from 10-200 plus. Responsible for 3 venues of 900 covers per day. Actively participated in staff meetings and operated as an effective management team leader. Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs,  and budgetary considerations. I'm proficient at powerpoint, purchasing, and marketing.]
34452806, [I got my culinary arts management diploma in culinary arts management from sullivan college. As a Executive Sous Chef, And my major duty is Successful assist in direction of $1.5 million renovation of dining facilities and kitchens, including four  restaurant, Culinary Learning Center, bistro, retail space and stations buffet.. Budget development and forecasting with focus on lean management through staff cross training and shifting manpower across Food and Beverage areas according to business requirements. I'm proficient at cooking, direction, and receiving.]
21611637, [I got my associate degree   culinary arts management in culinary arts management from sullivan college. As a Executive Sous Chef, I worked from November 2001 to April 2005. And my major duty is Successful assist in direction of $1.5 million renovation of dining facilities and kitchens, including four  restaurant, Culinary Learning Center, bistro, retail space and stations buffet.. Budget development and forecasting with focus on lean management through staff cross training and shifting manpower across Food and Beverage areas according to business requirements. I'm proficient at cooking, direction, and receiving.]
13095891, [I got my associate of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from saint augustine culinary school. As a Executive Banquet Chef, I worked from 01/1981 to now. I'm proficient at cost controlling, cooking, and san.]
12717345, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from southern maine community college. As a Line Cook, And my major duty is Prepped food for line.. Cooked appetizers, soups, sandwiches, and all fried foods.. Detail cleaned the kitchen.. Developed strong communication skills by working in a high pace kitchen environment. I'm proficient at pricing, allergen awareness, and multi ethnic cuisines.]
23841877, [I got my associate of arts in arts from associate of arts. As a Counter Manager for Ulima 2 Cosmetics., I worked from 01/1992 to now.And my major duty is Answered customer questions and concerns, advised clientele of products with extensive product knowledge.. Solved problems, maintained record of customer's product orders, handled inventory control, and register operations. I'm proficient at word perfect, android, and rbms.]
23032276, [I got my associate of science in culinary arts from chippewa valley technical college. As a Asst. Kitchen Manager, I worked from 07/1994 to 03/1996. And my major duty is Developed daily specials including entrees, soups, and appetizers.. Directed culinary team in daily activities such as prep, mise en place, food safety, and plate presentation.. Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times.. Verified freshness of products upon delivery.. Accurately and efficiently prepared healthy, delicious fish, meat and vegetable-based dishes. I'm proficient at leadership, serv safe certified, and implements effective systems.]
32605413, [I got my livecareer in livecareer from livecareer. As a Operational Chef, I worked from January 1999 to January 2015. And my major duty is Managed receipt, inventory, and storage of $121.8M in unit serialized equipment assets to include principal items from intermediate supply sources using Oracle data base systems.. Supervised the accountability of all weapons and weapon systems in support of exercises and key deployments totaling $89M; additionally, tracked all serial numbers through the embarkation process.. Managed and oversaw the comptroller fiscal year operational budgets for 115 unit offices and briefed the Commanding Officer on "End of Year," 2012, 2013, and 2014 spending obligations in the total amount of $27.2M.. Supervised the quarterly inventories with all corresponding units to ensure accurate record managment was being conducted according to published regulation accountability and attained a 99.89% during corporate inspections.. Developed an effective and time efficient disposal plan for unserviceable equipment and saved the government an excess of $1.4M in reusable supplies from the Defense Reutilization Management Office(DRMO).. Served as the Authorizing Official for the Government Commercial Purchase Card (GCPC) program for all supply related open purchases and government contracts totaling $1.3M.. Managed various Supply Distribution Warehouses in 10 different military bases both CONUS and OCONUS and supervised numerous military personnel ensuring that supply tracking and deliveries were effectively being delivered within the customer timeline request.. Served as Battalion Equal Opportunity Representative and conducted 7 annual training, 5 new join classes, and BITS training for 254 personnel in the battalion.. Coordinated the transfer process of temporary loaned and unit owned equipment for numerous combat, field and disaster relief exercises.. Coordinated the supply logistics chain distribution of over 20,000 items valued at $42M to support and facilitate deployment programs.. Ensured equipment and parts were received and receipted in a timely manner in accordance with GPN guidelines which provided effective supply support.. Served as the Equal Opportunity Representative conducting 12 annual training classes Managed the timely completion of three DoD direct Statement of Budgetary Resources (SBR) Audit samplings of over 8.2 million of financial transactions for multiple appropriations for the SMU.. Corrected 506 erroneous fiscal year records ,consisting of 800 single document transactions totaling over $375K in adjustments.. Supervised the execution of weekly supply, warehouse and embarkation training.. Classroom instruction ranged from basic safety to material handling procedures, resulting in 400 classroom hours.. Mentored and advised over 700 United States Marines on leadership, education, life, and combat skills, building confidence in their personal and professional careers, setting future goals.. Served as the BN SACO, supervising 4 Command Directed urinalysis and counseled 10 Marines in Substance Abuse aftercare program Effectively executed 2nd/3rd Qtr Budget of 194K for FY 10,obligating at 99.2%, ensuring all fiscal budget requirements were attained.. Coordinated and supervised upgrades of 35 facilities with the new "Marine Corps Recruiting" concept and inspected each location following OSHA regulation, reporting discrepancies to Army Corps of Engineers.. Coordinated and supervised Statewide" pool function of over 500 participants and their families.. Ensured that all logistical support and safety was effectively executed.. Supervised district requirement of serviceability of 78 RS vehicles totaling 152K, and ensuring vehicle driver training and safety was conducted, lowering driving accidents in FY10.. Maintained service of 147 local telephone/86 cellular lines.. During district inspection, fiscal, supply, logistics and telephone sections were found "mission capable" with noteworthy accomplishment.. Drafted military and nonmilitary correspondence.. Developed and led training programs in preparation for combat.. Wrote office job descriptions and directives. I'm proficient at leadership, supervising, and government.]
65373280, [I got my bachelor of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from institue d   hotelerie du quebec   city. As a Line Prep Cook, I worked from 12/1999 to 12/2003. And my major duty is Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.. Arranged sauces and supplementary garnishes to place in allocated stations.. Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.. Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.. Prepared more than 300 dishes per day in fast-paced Classic French cooking  environment while maintaining high customer satisfaction rate.. Used measuring items, knives and other kitchen tools to properly prepare food resources.. Rotated stock items and ingredients to maintain efficiency and freshness.. Executed proper techniques when preparing menu item ingredients.. Cooked food following specific measurements and recipes.. Improved overall kitchen efficiency through consistency , leading to numerous promotions. I'm proficient at customer service oriented, food preparation techniques, and budgeting and cost control.]
27909372, [I got my bachelor of science   hospitality and tourism management in hospitality and tourism management from uni versity of massachusetts. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Contributed to Wrentham's store being placed first in the district for sales associate credit card enrollments. I'm proficient at ma, powerpoint, and sales.]
47603843, [I got my associate of science   finance midlands technical college   state   columbia finance associate of science   mathematical economics miami dade college   city   state      associate of science   computer science in mathematical economics from midlands technical college. As a Ramp Agent, And my major duty is Responsible for guiding aircraft traffic, baggage handling, maintaining security on ramp, removal of hazardous debris, customer support, cabin maintenance, operating Ground Support Equipment such as tugs, forklifts, and belt loaders.. Responsible for delivery of high priority air-freight to cargo in timely fashion. I'm proficient at preparing quality entrees and beverages, accounting customer service airfreight delivery, and maintaining safety in highly secure areas of airport terminal.]
11444536, [I got my bachelor of arts in culinary management from le cordon bleu college of culinary arts city. As a Catastrophe Insurance Claims Adjuster, I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2009. And my major duty is Outsourced through various insurance companies during catastrophe situations.. Handled approximately 100-200 claims directly with the insured.. This involves the ability to deal with people in high stress and anxiety situations using time management skills efficiently. I'm proficient at process development, product management, and customer service.]
25953797, [I got my associate of applied science in culinary arts from . As a Intern, I worked from February 2011 to April 2011. And my major duty is Worked as part of a team preparing ingredients and dishes to be served at a reputable restaurant. I'm proficient at inventoryand arts.]
23185829, [I got my  in criminal justice from appalachian state university. As a Sous Chef, I worked from 12/2003 to now.And my major duty is -Started as a dishwasher; quickly moved up ranks until eventually running my own shifts as Sous chef. This job included making daily specials, managing staff members under me, schedule making, inventory control, vendor ordering and time management.. -The Kitchen Manager, Vernon, was leaving to become the General Manager of operations at Geno's Sports Lounge and offered me a job to assist him. I'm proficient at customer relations, leadership skills, and communication skills.]
21869994, [I got my bachelor   s degree   healthcare administration in healthcare administration from new england college. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 03/2002 to 10/2003. And my major duty is Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.. Set up and maintain paper and electronic filing systems for records, correspondence, and other material.. Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies.. Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail or other materials and answer routine letters.. Make copies of correspondence or other printed material.. Mail newsletters, promotional material, or other information. I'm proficient at effectively influences others, which excels at building and trusting relationships with customers and colleagues problem solver who can generate workable situations and resolve complaints, and spreadsheets and e mail resourceful team player.]
28424982, [I got my associate of occupational studies in culinary arts from the culinary institute of america. As a Executive Pastry Chef, I worked from 04/1991 to now.And my major duty is Initially set up and coordinated all pastry department operations for the company managing four restaurants and a catering company on Pier 39.. Supervised and evaluated staff, implemented budgets, forecasted trends and negotiated prices with vendors.. Interacted with health inspectors and other regulators.. Ordered and maintained inventory.. Oversaw the distribution of product from central location. I'm proficient at public, retail, and cooking.]
47317494, [I got my bachelor of science in finance from portland state university. As a Financial Aid Office Assistant, I worked from Jun 2013 to Jun 2015. And my major duty is Developed excel projects for budgeting, calculating student needs, etc.. Evaluated and processed numerous documents daily.. Performed data entry.. Consulted with students and assisted with financial aid documents. I'm proficient at powerpoint, clients, and data entry.]
29784524, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma   south philadelphia high school from south philadelphia high school. As a Cashier, I worked from 05/2008 to 02/2013. And my major duty is Cashier,hogies and steaks.* Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.. Skillfully promoted items.. Routinely supported other areas of the restaurant as requested, including answering telephones and completing financial transactions for other staff.. Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests.. Provided friendly and attentive service.. Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts.. Maintained complete knowledge of restaurant menu.. Assisted with guest inquiries, take-out orders and restaurant cleanliness.. Operated all kitchen equipment adeptly.. Routinely removed trash and debris from restaurant.. Stocked and maintained cleanliness of stations.I worked from 01/1985 to Current. And my major duty is House painter Painted surfaces using brushes, spray guns and paint rollers.. Applied putty, wood filler, spackling and caulks to prep uneven surfaces.. Mixed and matched paints according to customer specifications.. Applied primer, paints, varnishes and lacquers to walls and surfaces.. Protected all surfaces with drop cloths prior to and during painting.. Applied exterior caulking to building joints and seams.. Performed flat glass repairs and minor structural repairs to concrete and wood decks, window trim, windows and door casings.. Minimized disruption of client space and thoroughly cleaned up after the completion of each job.. Taped around windows and fixtures prior to painting walls.. Painted indoor areas such as hallways, bathrooms and lobbies.. Cleaned and properly stored all paint equipment and supplies at the end of each work day.. Bid on projects, prepped the sites and completed the projects in line with customer specifications.. Cleaned the exterior of buildings using a motorized power washer.. Prepared trim, walls and ceilings for painting by cleaning, smoothing and priming.. Climbed scaffolding, staging, ladders and planks to reach work area surfaces.. Worked a flexible schedule, including some holidays and weekends, depending on the shifting needs of each project.. Selected the proper amount and type of thinners and accelerant to be used for each specific job.. Applied paint with cloth, brush, sponge and fingers to create special effects.. Completed tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction.. Accurately estimated time and materials costs for projects.. Requisitioned new supplies and equipment.. Cleared drains and downspouts and cleaned gutters.. Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.. Set ladders, scaffolds and hoists in place for taking supplies to roofs.. Sprayed walls with waterproof compound.. Blended paints and correctly matched colors.. Installed waterworks. I'm proficient at committed team player, professional demeanor, and thrives in fast paced environment.]
10001727, [I got my master   s   business administration in business administration from stratford university. As a Shift Supervisor/ Host, I worked from Jun 2007 to Dec 2007. And my major duty is In charge of all hosts/ hostesses during my time as shift supervisor, responsible for the front of the house.. Checked time sheets to ensure employees were clocking out properly, trained new employees on POS system.. Perform work duties in accordance with regulations such as OSHA, HAZCOM, and Blood Borne Illnesses. I'm proficient at inventory management, data entry, and staffing.]
74522938, [I got my bachelor of arts   philosophy in philosophy from city college of new york   city. As a Lead Line Cook/Sous Chef, I worked from 01/1992 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.. Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary.. Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards.. Maintained a skilled kitchen staff by properly coaching, counseling and disciplining employees.. Instructed new staff in proper food preparation, food storage, use of kitchen equipment and utensils, sanitation and safety issues.. Led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.. Achieved and exceeded performance, budget and team goals.. Maintained smooth and timely operations in preparation and delivery of meals and kitchen sanitation.. Properly labeled and stored all raw food ingredients including produce, meat, fish, poultry, dairy and dry goods in the appropriate storage room, walk-in refrigerator, freezer or cooler.. Practiced safe food handling procedures at all times. I'm proficient at cooking, receiving, and the new york times.]
91591026, [I got my m   s   hospitality management in hospitality management from wing luke university. As a Operations, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/2000. And my major duty is Corporate Menu Development, Costing, and Procurement/Logistics for Remote Camps Contract Negotiations for Food Brokerage and Shipping.. Planning and preparing daily meals for passengers and crew.. Vendor Relationships and price negotiations.. Solid relationships with Culinary Unions.. Responsible for safe and organized operation of galley.. Organized and planned galley tours for onboard passengers.. Positive and consistent interaction with passengers.. Serve-Safe CFPM, HACCP USDA/FDA, Alaska, Washington, Oregon Certified Food Handler.. Budget forecasting for all individual restaurant entities to include food, labor and beverage and diverse costs based upon specific operations.. Operational adherence for Franchisee of 2 QSR and other Fast Food operations to include corporate oversight of Food, Labor and Controllable Costs.. QSR 18-21%  Full Service 30-32% & Overall labor costs) Responsible for ordering & inventory control.. Oversee complete Food & Beverage Operations of multiple full service restaurants.. Manage the production of 175-400 covers nightly with 5-8m in annual sales.. Supervision of 475 Seasonal & Fulltime Staff with multiple locations.. Training all FOH to include Wine & Beverage service and relative food pairings.. Training of all BOH to include Food Handling, Safe Practices, FIFO and Kitchen Systems and recipe/plating adherence.. Recipe Design/Menu Engineering Corporate Chef Of 10 Vessel Organization SALES/MARKETING Sales, Merchandising and delivery of high quality varietal wines, foods and beverages.. Customer Service Training for Sales Staff Overall vineyard management of 37 acres.. Product Sales Forecasting and Ordering Trends.. Sales Staff Training & Merchandising.. Develop Strategic Sales and Marketing Plan.. Co-host weekly radio show.. Responsible for performance reviews of all Sales & Culinary Staff.. Oversee Weekly Sales Meetings & Supervision of 15 Sales Staff.. Store Set/Re-Set According To Plan-O-Gram.. Implement and Develop Key Performance indicators for all staff, both Sales and Culinary Divisions.. Create & Develop Sales Incentive Programs Primary Organizer for Community & Catering/Banquet Events.. Implement Bi-Annual Sales Retreats.. Route Sales.. The above listed experience was the parent company of Food Service Associates)Castile Trucking,  The Shanghai Café, Tai-Tung, Four-Seas, Alaska Sightseeing Cruise West,  Chili's of Westminster, Wendy's Of The Rockies,  The Gallery Restaurant & Lounge (2 Locations) The Quality Hotel Tacoma Dome, Crown Pacific Inn, Ernst Home Centers , Paul's Grocery,  Mt Baker Vineyards & The Hungry Halibut Restaurant & Lounge.I worked from 01/1986 to 01/2008.  I'm proficient at bi, merchandising, and layout.]
21511817, [I got my culinary arts in culinary arts from vanguard university of southern cal. As a Senior Instructor and Course Manager, I worked from November 2002 to October 2005. And my major duty is for the Primary Leadership Development Course, responsible for the health, welfare, morale, training, and administration of over 900 Soldiers annually. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and instructor.]
35468363, [I got my associate of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from le cordon bleu. As a Corporate Chef, And my major duty is In Charge of daily operations of all restaurants, Menu developing, Scheduling for 90 people, Food Cost Percentage, Labor Cost control, Hiring, Monthly Inventory. ]
37231163, [I got my graphic design in graphic design from university of alaska anchorage. As a Front Desk, I worked from 04/2012 to 06/2013. And my major duty is Greeted guests in a timely manner. Managed registration process by checking identification and ensured accuracy of provided credentials. Handled check-ins and checkouts. Operated hotel switchboard, took calls, and provided information. Answered inquiries regarding the hotel services, charges, and dining facilities. Balanced cash at the end of each shift and generated accounting reports. I'm proficient at dedicated, excellent leadership qualities, and self driven.]
16924102, [I got my restaurant   hotel management in restaurant   hotel management from penn. As a Lead Expeditor/Customer Service Rep, I worked from 04/2005 to 08/2008. And my major duty is Delivering catering orders to surrounding airports.. Customer service.. Data entry using Quick books.. Packaging and labeling orders for outgoing deliveries.. Shopping for special requests throughout San Diego Area for an elite clientele.. Training and developing Employees.. Skills: Consistently working to high standards, Gain in-depth familiarity with any kitchen's operations, Serve Safe Management Certified, Knowledge of different styles of cooking, Resolving personal conflicts between staff members.. Constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives. Process improvement analysis and implementation. I'm proficient at constantly working hard to achieve personal goals and objectives, knowledge of different styles of cooking, and serve safe management certified.]
28092317, [I got my bachelor of arts in international development from university of oregon. As a Chef de Cuisine, And my major duty is Worked with executive chef to develop and execute a daily-changing menu in a fine-dining establishment.. Tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes.. Initiated and maintained relationships with local farmers and ranchers to bring guests the highest quality ingredients while maintaining appropriate food and labor costs. I'm proficient at team building, communication, and excel.]
16855929, [I got my high school diploma in computer information systems from front range community college. As a Receptionist, I worked from 08/2012 to 05/2014. And my major duty is I was awarded the opportunity to be employed at Poudre High School for my first job.. I was an assistant receptionist to the front office.. I benefited from this position in many ways.. I was learned how to interact with very diverse group of individuals.. My duties included assisting parents, students, staff and outside visitors with any information or direction that was needed.. I benefited from the position in many ways, however the most important was learning to be a professional under pressure. I'm proficient at assistant manager, delivery, and supervisor.]
29211359, [I got my associate of science   culinary arts in culinary arts from the culinary institute of america. As a Commis / Extern, I worked from September 2007 to January 2008. And my major duty is Assisted in daily prep and production of all menu items.. Participated in preparation and execution of high-volume functions.. Trailed and trained in all kitchen areas, such as the hot line, raw bar, garde manger, purchasing and receiving.. Professional Achievements Court of Master Sommeliers - Introductory Sommelier Certificate 2013 Acadiana Culinary Classic - assisted Chef Jeremy Conner of Village Café, winning one gold medal and three bronze medals in multiple dish categories 2014 Soiree Royale Culinary Competition - 2nd place winner in meat category. I'm proficient at business operations, food safety, and costing.]
27820360, [I got my culinary arts in culinary arts from johnson   wales university. As a Lead chef, I worked from February 2007 to September 2009. And my major duty is Implemented and supported company initiatives and programs of Chappy's L.A.Kitchen Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.. Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all of Chappy's standards.. Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team and wait staff.. Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners' praise.. Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.. Prepared for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation.. Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas. I'm proficient at receiving, staffing, and attention to detail.]
48580330, [I got my associate of applied science   applied science   culinary arts in culinary arts from university of birmingham. As a Sous Chef, I worked from 10/2013 to Current. And my major duty is I am the opening chef and closing chef.. The hotel consists of 350 rooms and 3 restaurants.. My goal is to add to the operation and maintain all standards in a sanitary environment.. I ensure that the breakfast- doing up to 511covers when in two locations, lunch doing up to 113 in the Ala Carte and 250 with special buffets, beach bar doing up to 385 covers, dinner Buffets - Specialty nights e.g.. Pasta Night, Seafood Night, Beach Barbeque     fine dining restaurant doing up to 80 and any banquets  and room service during this time are done according to the Hilton standard when on either the morning or evening shift.. I do the Expediting on the range and ensure food is sent to the guest according to Hilton Standard.. I am a skills trainer and train all new team members with a job skills check list.. I prepare all Temperature logs, fridge temperatures, HR Audit etc.. for Quality & Assurance audit.. I conduct all daily briefings and also do refresher training with team members.. I write the rosters for approximately 65 chefs including casuals where the budget must be kept for the payroll.. I help facilitate any off property functions and also assist in menu writing.. I do the costings once the menus are written.. I have worked and facilitated many banquet events with numbers ranging to 1800persons.. I facilitate  food Airline orders. I am responsible for nominating an employee of the month.. I am well rounded in any area of the Kitchen Department.. I love to be hands on and assist my team at all times which creates team engagement.I worked from 09/2003 to 02/2005. And my major duty is Fairmont Royal Pavilion - General cook - nominated employee of the month - 2003-2005 - Responsible for Breakfast ,lunch , dinner A La Carte Service , interacted with guest on the Action stationsI worked from 12/2002 to 09/2003. And my major duty is Perfect attendance.. General Cook - responsible for breakfast , lunch ,dinner and room service A la Carte . Assisting with Buffets I'm proficient at understanding client needs, creating team engagement, and advanced sushi skills.]
29072179, [I got my general equivalency diploma in general equivalency diploma   ged     spring      des moines community college   city   state serve food safe certification   august      urbandale community schools   city   state dean vaughn medical from des moines community college. As a Swing/Assistant Manager, I worked from March 1993 to September 1999. And my major duty is My responsibilities included managing a profitable shift without supervision, managing the people, product and equipment.. Accepted payment from customers and made change as necessary.Assisted co-workers.Checked the quantity and quality of received products. Cleaned and prepared various foods for cooking or serving. Greeted customers in the restaurant or drive-thru, took and rang up orders, handled payment and thanked customers. Kept drink stations clean and ready for service. Performed serving, cleaning, and stocking duties in establishments. Portioned and wrapped food I'm proficient at medical terminology, insurance, and forms.]
94047639, [I got my associate of arts   criminal justice   paralegal in business   hospitality management from liberty university. As a front desk associate/ housekeeping, I worked from January 2014 to August 2014. And my major duty is Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.Trained multiple new employees quarterly. Excelled in exceeding daily credit card application goals.Processed guest payments for room charges, food and beverage charges and phone charges.Greeted and registered guests and issued room keys.Implemented high-impact sales and marketing initiatives, resulting in increased occupancy and profitability.Balanced all rebates and other miscellaneous charges.Recommended top dining and entertainment options for guests in the Zanesville area.Delivered requested items to guests' rooms.Served as public relations representative for the hotel.Greeted all guests in a courteous and professional manner.Monitored the appearance and performance of the front desk staff.Fostered strong working relationships with all hotel departments.Hand dusted and wiped clean office furniture, fixtures and window sills.Removed finger marks and smudges from vertical surfaces, including doors, frames and glass partitions.Swept and damp-mopped private stairways and hallways.Cleaned the exterior surfaces of lighting fixtures, including glass and plastic enclosures.Dusted ceiling air conditioning diffusers and ventilation systems.Emptied and cleaned all waste receptacles.Cleaned and returned vacant rooms to occupant-ready status.Supplied guests with extra towels and toiletries when requested.Replenished guest supplies and amenities.Cleaned and dusted cobwebs on light fixtures, baseboards and window sills.Stocked room attendant carts with supplies.Removed trash and dirty linens from room attendant carts.Swept and vacuumed floors, hallways and stairwells.Delivered special request items such as cribs to guest rooms.Cleaned rooms to the satisfaction of all clients. I'm proficient at satisfaction, training, and cooking.]
21622444, [I got my associate of applied science   electrical   computer engineering in electrical   computer engineering from savannah technical college. As a Host, Server, Dishwasher, Cook, I worked from 03/2008 to 03/2014. And my major duty is Sushi Time Towa is the first restaurant i have worked for. I have been employed by Sushi Time for six years where I started at the very bottom and worked my way to the top. I have worked as a host and as a server which consisted of me greeting customers, helping them to their seats, grabbing their drinks and orders and doing my best to give them the utmost service and keep a smile on their face. I worked as a host/server for about a year, so most of my time has really been spent working in the kitchen and making sushi. In order for me to work my way up through the ranks to sushi, I started at the very bottom in the dish pit. This consisted of me washing all dishes, pots, pans, and silverware. I was also required to prep meats and veggies. Having started at the dish/prep position, these tasks really helped me build a strong work ethic and develop great knife skills as well. I then moved over to cooking which consisted of still participating with prep work, but also cooking and frying all orders. Prep consisted of cutting chicken, beef, shrimp, squid, and all types of veggies. I have been doing sushi now for 3 years. That is, Monday-Saturday 10-10, give or take a few hours. I have had random days off here and there and some holidays, but for the most part 12 hours a day, 6 days a week. I have developed such a passion for food and seeing a smile on a person's face when they bite into the food and love it. I love being in an environment conducive for success and working hard while loving what I do. Being a sushi chef at Sushi Time consists of a wide range of tasks. I've received serve safe managerial training, so I am in charge of making sure everything is clean and up to code. I'm also in charge of going over inventory; ranging from paper/plastics, to all meats and veggies, also drinks and alcohol. This task also means I must handle all ordering trough the different distributors and vendors we may use. My job requires me on a daily basis to: cook and marinate rice, cut and prepare fish for the day, making sushi-rolls, nigiri, sashimi, platters etc. Im also required to assist customers sitting at the sushi bar with any inquiries or concerns they may have. Over the course of the 6 years i have been employed by Towa, I have gained so much. Ive matured so much through this job and sushi really has become such a passion of mine. I am a really hard worker who is also fun to work with, who is merely seeking a new opportunity to further my skill set and continue doing what i love. I have a positive attitude and a willingness to learn. And I have no problem adjusting to any style or training. I will work any days/nights or weekends and holidays if necessary. ]
33964275, [I got my bachelor of science in communications broadcast journalism telecommunications emphasis broadcast journalism political science from northern arizona university. As a Investigative News Reporter/Producer/Classical Music Announcer, I worked from January 1984 to December 1988. And my major duty is 88.7 FM Classical Music Announcer, Broadcast Journalist Responsible for on-air classical music announcing, including but not limited to: researching composers, musicians, titles, and information and fielding all calls from listeners wanting music/program information.. Production of public service and Northern Arizona University promotional announcements, maintaining shift logs, documenting promos, emergency broadcast testing and programming satellite feeds.. Assisted in organizing, scheduling and soliciting meals for volunteers during fall and spring membership pledge drives.. Investigated, created copy and produced stories for air.. Produced and co-produced 'local' stories for National Public Radio, Minnesota Public Radio and Alaska Public Radio.. Stringer' reporter for Associated Press and United Press International wire feeds. I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, powerpoint, and quickbooks.]
21101152, [I got my institute culinary of education in culinary from institute culinary of education. As a executive sous chef, And my major duty is EXECUTIVE SOUS CHEF/MASTER SAUCIER 48k Responsible for maintaining a 24-25% food cost by teaching how to keep inventory properly and manage waste with better prep procedures.. Annual gross 5-6 million Training staff of 10-15, ordering, scheduling including banquet department.. All sauces, stocks, soups were prepared by myself daily.. Excellent skills cleaning and portioning all meats and fish Mastered all stations on the hot line/salads Maintained the highest quality of food while inviting the pressure of a high volume kitchen (250- 300 guests per night.) Instilled and managed closely all daily prep lists and solely responsible for holiday prep and menus.. 400-750 guests for a la carte holidays) EXCELLENT NY TIMES/ 4 STARS STAR LEDGER Proudly presided over James Beard Award Dinner for Executive Chef Mitchell Althoz(also of highly recognized Jocelyn in Maplewood NJ). I'm proficient at ledger, staffing, and effective planner.]
25128608, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from los angeles trade technical college. As a Sous Chef, I worked from 01/1993 to 01/1997. And my major duty is Italian Cuisine) www.ifornaio.com.. Managed a large open Kitchen's in fine dining in Italian cuisine.. Scheduling, food cost, inventory and labor cost.. Was part of opening team for the Las Vegas restaurant in New York New York Hotel and Casino, Successfully open two properties for Il Fornaio 1993 Pasadena, CA and 1996 in Las Vegas, NV 14 million in sales. I'm proficient at ca, west ways magazine, and the cork tree.]
18825446, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts hospitality and restaurant management from le cordon bleu culinary school. As a Executive Chef, And my major duty is Operations Management: Food Preparation Responsible for coordination of up to 12 servers in restaurant with capacity of 200.. Baked, roasted, broiled, and steamed meats, fish, vegetables and other foods.. Estimated amounts and costs of required supplies, such as food and ingredients.. Helped with preparation, set-up, and service for catering events.. Performed all transactions in a cordial, efficient and professional manner.. Prepared food items.. Cleaned and inspected galley equipment, kitchen appliances, and work areas.. Spoke with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service.. Trained new employees.. Trained kitchen staff on proper use of equipment, food handling and portion sizing.. Responsible for the design and preparation of all menu items for private home/office setting.. Supervised kitchen staff of 10 people and ensured proper event set-up, food preparation, kitchen clean-up and proper shut down.. Adjusted monthly menus to maximize use of seasonal local ingredients and delicacies.. Developed variety of menu items catering to customers with food allergies and diet restrictions such as gluten-free and vegan items.. Managed kitchen operations for high grossing, fast-paced fair concession kitchen.. Trained staff of eight employees for correct facility procedures, safety codes, proper recipes and plating techniques.. Managed preparation and presentation of the desserts for all catered events.. Responsible for all kitchen operations such as banquet events, buffet lines, room service orders and hotel restaurant.. Hired and trained staff of 12 food preparation employees.. Oversaw 10 cooks and a Sous Chef as part of overall back of the house operations.. Managed food and produce receiving process with 100% accuracy.. Frequently switched between positions as Cold Food prep, Soup Station Chef and Relief Chef mid shift to support changing needs of large industrial kitchen Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sauté stations.. Responsible for daily set up of five stations.. Developed popular daily specials with personally sourced ingredients for broiler and sauté stations.. Ensured minimal product shrink and coordinated secondary usage of product Executed various kitchen stations and assisted with, meat, fish, sauté or pantry Informed patrons of establishment specialties and features Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing, and presentation of food Loaded dishwashers and hand-washed items such as pots, pans, knives Planned and prepared food for parties, holiday meals, luncheons, special functions, and other social events Specialized in preparing fancy dishes and/or food for special diets Stocked and rotated products, stocked supplies, and paper goods in a timely basis Supervised and coordinated activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation Used all food handling standards Collaborated with other personnel to plan and develop recipes and menus Compiled and maintained records of food use and expenditures Cooked food properly and in a timely fashion, using safety precautions Cooked the exact number of items ordered by each customer, working on several different orders simultaneously Created and explored new cuisines Directed the operation and organization of kitchens and all food-related activities, including the presentation and serving of food Ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation Ensured first-in-first-out system with all ingredients labeled and stored properly Maintained contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers Maintained system of control for storage temperatures and proper functioning of kitchen equipment Oversaw kitchen employee operations to ensure production levels and service standards were maintained Seasoned and cooked food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience Suggested additional items to customers, as appropriate, to increase restaurant sales.. Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.. Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.. Delivered an exceptional dining experience with friendly, fast service.. Completed closing duties, including restocking items and closing out the cash drawer.. Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.. Effectively used items in stock to decrease waste and profit loss.. Correctly calculated charges, issued bills and collected payments.. Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.. Received frequent customer compliments for going above and beyond normal duties. I'm proficient at cooking, cost analysis, and closing.]
61322296, [I got my associate of applied science   culinary arts in culinary arts from new york restaurant school. As a Line Cook, And my major duty is Assisted management in all manners of running and preserving integrity of the "hot line".. Managed and maintained mise en place stations.. Responsible with assisting Executive Chef in creating daily specials and menus.. Responsible for proper food preparation and running work station  while maintaining optimal line flow. I'm proficient at ability to bring creative and commercially viable new lines to the market before any competitors do, accordance with the relevant state and local law guidelines, and negotiating price and productivity of supplies with sales representatives upon purchase orders.]
20817322, [I got my associate of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from culinary arts. As a Executive Sous Chef, I worked from 10/2006 to 11/2011. And my major duty is Determined how food should be presented and created decorative food displays.. Met with sales representatives in order to negotiate prices and order supplies for a high-end steakhouse that averaged $12 million per year in revenue.. Managed a staff of 60.. Maintained a food cost of 33% and labor at 9%.. Demonstrated new cooking techniques and equipment to staff.. Collaborated with other personnel to plan and develop recipes and menus, taking into account such factors as seasonal availability of ingredients and the likely number of customers.. Met with customers to discuss menus for special occasions such as weddings, parties and banquets.. Monitored sanitation practices to ensure that employees follow standards and regulations.. Ordered or requisitioned food and other supplies needed to ensure efficient operation.. Estimated amounts and costs of required supplies, such as food and ingredients.. Inspected supplies, equipment and work areas to ensure conformance to established standards.. Recruited and hired staff, including cooks and other kitchen workers.. Instructed cooks and other workers in the preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food.. Supervised and coordinated activities of cooks and workers engaged in food preparation. I'm proficient at microsoft excel, proficient in menulink and shiftnote, and five years of experience with r s i.]
29449419, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from university of new orleans   city. As a Operations Manager, I worked from 01/2010 to 11/2016. And my major duty is Devised, deployed and monitored processes to boost long-term business success and increase profit levels.. Set, enforced and optimized internal policies to maintain efficiency and responsiveness to demands.. Reduced average contract expenses by 16% through aggressive negotiations with vendors.. Effectively grew business and. manage sales revenues in excess of $450,000 annually.. Worked closely with team to help business. win several awards. —. Small Business of the Year (Gambit magazine), King Cake of the Year (2015, NOLA.com), Best of the Rest (2016, Youth Leadership Council), and others. Documented safety action plans, quality initiatives, and team performances. I'm proficient at menu planning, food inventories, and food plating and presentation.]
20321582, [I got my associate of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from savannah technical university. As a Security Police/E4 Senior Airman, I worked from 05/2000 to 10/2005. And my major duty is Commanded operations post, including personnel, weapons and equipment.. Coordinated training schedules and filed crucial administrative paperwork.. Led military police teams in support of battlefield operations. I'm proficient at leadership, menu planning, and servsafe certification.]
19285236, [I got my culinary certificate in culinary from aacc. As a Head Chef, I worked from February 1985 to July 2001. And my major duty is Directed the daily operation of the restaurant by insuring high quality of every product Preparing daily specials Preparing high volume lunches and weekend dinners Catering special events for local offices.. Weekly and monthly inventory Participated in local food competitions Created menus and recipe's Responsible for hiring culinary staff. I'm proficient at leadership, sales, and critical thinking.]
13264154, [I got my associate of arts in culinary and pastry arts from illinois institute of art. As a Baker/Cake Decorator/Retail, And my major duty is Processed bakery orders for customers and directed cake delivery.. Organized and refilled the bakery case with appropriate inventory based off of current sales.. Creatively decorated cakes, cupcakes, tarts and pastries as well as special order items.. Managed the Retail Bakery accounts by balancing the register on a nightly basis.. Prepared bakery and specialty products such as bagels, breads and pastries. I'm proficient at restaurant operations, microsoft word, and written communication.]
47729453, [I got my bachelors   culinary arts and hospitality in culinary arts from orange coast college. As a Allied Trade Noncommissioned Officer in Charge, And my major duty is Demonstrated expertise as a machinist, mechanic, tool maker, and welder.. Coordinated and trained welding, range, and safety courses.. Ensured the safety of officers and soldiers by ensuring procedures were adhered to properly.. Responsible for inventory of all shop tools and maintenance of equipment. I'm proficient at cooking, closing, and hiring.]
51554903, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from california culinary academy. As a Lead  Line Cook, I worked from Feb 1998 to Feb 1999. And my major duty is Work all stations. sauté, fish and grill stations throughout dinner service Responsible for daily specials Menu costing for all Seasonal Changes. Butchery and Ordering I'm proficient at brand development, ingredient procurement, and gastronomic technique.]
14569498, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts courses in hospitality and restaurant management from los angeles culinary. As a Food Service Director, And my major duty is Conducted daily pre-shift and weekly departmental meetings to ensure organizational efficiency.Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity.Efficiently resolved problems or concerns to the satisfaction of all involved parties.Continually monitored facility and took appropriate action to ensure food quality and service standards were consistently met. I'm proficient at self motivated, employee relations, and hospitality expertise.]
22561438, [I got my associate of occupational studies in culinary arts from le cordon bleu college of culinary arts. As a Sous Chef, And my major duty is Ran lunch service and Worked all stations for dinner in busy 300-400-person restaurant.. In charge of inventory and ordering.. Responsible for fabricating all proteins I'm proficient at focused and disciplined, high volume production capability, and staff management.]
12420359, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics in economics from wheaton college. As a Senior Business Analyst, And my major duty is Responsible for improving the quality of internally developed and third party applications used by Retirement Customer Services associates for mutual fund investment systems.. Provided leadership in the development of utilizing an application for work distribution that resulted in an increased efficiency in account processing.. Primary responsibilities include working with the users for requirements gathering, application testing and training.. Create requirements and test plans.. Work closely with other Analysts to monitor progression of projects and manage the release.. Work closely with Project Managers and external system contacts.. Liaison role between IT department and Customer Service. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft office products, and unique.]
16248476, [I got my ged   culinary arts in culinary arts from california. As a Lead Cook, I worked from 07/2013 to 04/2014. And my major duty is Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team. I'm proficient at cost control, bilingual, and customer service.]
10653119, [I got my associate of science in culinary arts from johnson   wales university. As a Chef/Kitchen Manager, I worked from 01/2005 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Managed all aspects of kitchen in accordance with goals, objectives and culture set forth by company.. Managed kitchen staff team and assigned various stages of food production.. Monitored quality, presentation and quantities of plated food across line.. Assessed inventory levels every week and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.. Monitored kitchen area and staff to ensure overall safety and proper food handling techniques Twenty Water Street - Executive Sous Chef.I worked from 01/1995 to 01/2005. And my major duty is Prepared and presented menu items and daily specials for 200 seat fine dining restaurant, 40 seat tavern, and seasonal waterfront deck, plus banquet and catering functions.. Managed kitchen staff team of 10-15 and assigned various stages of food production.. Responsible for daily food purchasing and receiving, menu planning, inventory control, and food costing.. Oversaw hiring, training and development of kitchen employees.. Produced or amended menus and item selections in conjunction with Executive Chef. I'm proficient at processes, computer proficiency, and receiving.]
11209758, [I got my bachelor of science in business management from saint joseph university. As a Manager, I worked from 05/2002 to 06/2008. And my major duty is Managed Steak and Ale's #1 Texas location in revenue generation ($3.93 million annually).. Supervised all staff hiring,.. onboarding, training, retention initiatives, performance appreciation and disciplinary actions.. Designed and applied.. revenue generating and cost saving strategies.. Achievements Expanded high margin menu items, offered daily specials, added new happy hour promotions and coached servers in up-selling techniques, revenue growing measures achieved an average check increase of 14% Reduced labor cost, renegotiated lease terms, minimized inventory waste, installed energy efficient equipment and instructed staff to multitask, cost cutting measures achieved 16% decrease in overhead expenses Spearheaded a customer loyalty program, fostered patrons retention and contributed 77% in repeat business Committed to elevate customer experience by ensuring cheerful greetings, adequate staffing, order accuracy, prompt service and solution based complaints resolution, location averaged a 90% score in customer satisfaction metrics, YOY Managed 39 team members, surpassed all performance goals and retained lowest employee turnover rate, YOY Orchestrated a customer feedback report card, valuable comments steered improvements to service speed, staff performance and food quality Awarded with Manager of the Year Award, five straight years. I'm proficient at inventory management, staffing, and business development.]
86551046, [I got my ged   general swic in general swic from general swic. As a Banquet Cook 2( Lead Cook), And my major duty is Attended daily BEO meetings. Prepped and fired functions for upwards of 1500 guests. Prepared tastings for VIP clients. Delegated prep lists and daily cleaning lists to the team I'm proficient at reliable, high volume production capability, and highly focused and driven.]
23807940, [I got my bachelors in culinary arts and hospitality management nutrition and restaurant techniques from mavo college. As a Banquet Chef Winery Chef, I worked from 03/2006 to 10/2007. And my major duty is The Hotel Features 277 luxurious guest rooms, 6 Food and Beverage venues, Pool Bar and Golf Grill & full service spa.. The Winery features a 120 seat Bistro, a fine dining prix fix restaurant, a Viking Cooking Studio and various Banquet venues.. Responsible for all aspects of the Culinary Department with the direct emphasis on Banquets and Catering operations and  overseeing 6 F&B outlets.. Manager in charge in the absence of the Executive Chef.. Manage and oversee the entire culinary team of over 40 employees including 4 Sous Chefs.. Responsible for coordination of administrative duties, purchasing, menu planning and development & all out-door facilities.. Promoted to Winery Chef in 2007. I'm proficient at leadership, cooking, and strong work ethic.]
29775391, [I got my culinary arts in business from academia international   city   state culinary arts certificate coursework in culinary and restaurant management coursework in hospitality management food services technology classes basic vocational certificate   bakery assistant basic vocational certificate   lead baker basic vocational certificate   first cook coursework in professional cooking and baking coursework in hotel management and restaurant food service coursework in hotel administration coursework in business administration and management culinary arts coursework hotel and restaurant administration coursework coursework in sales and marketing management food systems management coursework certified nutrition consultant personal training certificate advanced coursework in food systems management extensively trained in pediatric feeding and nutrition hospitality management   hotels   tourism and food services   specialization in commercial cookery   academia international melbourne   australia   certificate         oh   s short course in   food garnishing   specialty knives banquet interior design   major in business and private conventions   responsible service of alcohol australia certificate   rsa            shalon secondary college. As a Executive chef,  I'm proficient at five star hotel experience, languages, and effective planner.]
53265899, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from the art institute of pittsburgh. As a Pastry Chef/Manager, I worked from 01/1995 to now.And my major duty is Patissier and Boulangar (baking and pastry chef), and was promoted to Garde Manger, adding to her responsibilities, the preparation of cold foods, salads, appetizers, pates, and other charcuterie items.She was quickly promoted to Chef De Cuisine. Coexisting moved to mother property-Heritage Inn- Sun City, Arizona. Assistant Director of Kitchen/Dining Room Manager for a long term care and skilled nursing facility.  Quality control of all foods and beverage served to residents, guests and employees, direction and facilitation of safety, sanitation and maintenance programs for employees of the community. Hiring and training of personnel for front and back of the house. Accountability for all line expectations, plating presentations, as well as all chef positions. Execution of resident and facility specialty functions from menu planning and implementation. I'm proficient at high level of work standards, influential, and sanitation and maintenance programs.]
38309905, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from scottsdale culinary institute. As a Sous Chef, I worked from 04/2009 to 09/2009. And my major duty is Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.. Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food.. Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.. Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for diners.. Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints.. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.. Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.. Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.. Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas. I'm proficient at administrative duties, mac, and retail.]
29772450, [I got my associate of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from illinois benedictine university. As a Executive Sous Chef / Production Manager, I worked from January 1988 to January 1993. And my major duty is Performed all essential duties as lead chef in the executive dining rooms and conference center.. Monitored Q & A of both ingredients and finished products.. Led culinary team in the opening of new cafeteria food court with varied ethnic theme cuisine concept stations. I'm proficient at compliance audits, leadership, and marketing.]
21334981, [I got my associate of science in social science studies administrative justice studies from mesa community college. As a COMMUNITY KITCHEN STUDENT, And my major duty is Selected to participate in foodservice training program   Developed knife skills   Exposure to all aspects of kitchen operations  Maintained all food and non-food storage areas including walk in and reach in coolers, walk in freezer, pantry, and paper room   Provided on-site catering events  Ensured quality control standards   Completed Professional Cooking curriculum  Properly received food supply and ensured product safety  Assisted Chef Instructor with crew supervision and all aspects of production  Collaborated with students and instructors to develop menus   Learned proper cooking techniques for all Leading Sauces  Experienced in all cooking methods Southwest Behavioral Health- Provided approximately 50 meals daily for Homeless Outreach Program. I'm proficient at supervising, instructor, and cooking.]
10276858, [I got my high school diploma   culinary   auto body courses in hospitality and restaurant management classes in restaurant and facility operations basic vocational in culinary   auto body courses in hospitality and restaurant management classes in restaurant and facility operations basic vocational   prep cook courses in   food preparation   kitchen management   patisserie and confectionery   international cuisine from william m davies career   tech. As a Line Cook, And my major duty is Consistently verified that kitchen staff followed all recipes and portioned serving guidelines correctly.. Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety requirements.. Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.. Worked well with teammates and openly invited coaching from the management team.. Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures. I'm proficient at inborn ability to explore new cooking avenues, highly skilled in cooking and preparing a variety of cuisines, and operate kitchen equipment such as ovens and grills for cooking purposes.]
10588874, [I got my associate degree   applied food science and culinary arts   food and beverage management in applied food science and culinary arts   food and beverage management from johnson   wales university. As a Internship for Associate Degree in Culinary Arts, I worked from January 2008 to June 2008. And my major duty is Skilled and proficient at all stations including prepping, sautéing, grilling before end of internship. Served an average cover count of 300+ per night. Obtained firsthand experience with international, European, and French Cuisine. Interned during the 5th year of winning Charlotte Restaurant of the Year I'm proficient at food safety, policies, and multi business operations management.]
35157762, [I got my associate of arts in culinary arts from johnson   wales university. As a Crew Leader and Kitchen Manager, And my major duty is Assisted guests with making menu choices in an informative and helpful fashion.Maintained knowledge of current menu items, garnishes, ingredients and preparation methods.Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner.Appropriately suggested additional items to customers to increase restaurant sales.Answered questions about menu selections and made recommendations when requested. I'm proficient at team building, sales, and cooking.]
91072502, [I got my associate of occupational studies in culinary arts from the culinary institute of america. As a Executive Pastry Chef, I worked from 04/1991 to now.And my major duty is Initially set up and coordinated all pastry department operations for the company managing four restaurants and a catering company on Pier 39.. Supervised and evaluated staff, implemented budgets, fore casted trends and negotiated prices with vendors.. Interacted with health inspectors and other regulators.. Ordered and maintained inventory.. Oversaw the distribution of product from central location. I'm proficient at skillful kitchen staff trainer, motivated leader, and special dietary needs expert.]
13212436, [I got my culinary arts   hospitality management in culinary arts   hospitality management from california culinary academy. As a Executive Chef/ Director of Culinary, I worked from 01/2015 to 03/2018. And my major duty is My focus for this 26-million-dollar operation was to bring high quality, innovative food so clients and customers feel like they are not in a convention center atmosphere.. Whimsical comfort food that's interactive for the client experience, bringing contemporary California Cuisine, with an emphasis on local farms and businesses with sustainable meats and seafood.. Over saw 100+ employees and 6 chefs daily.. Execution of catering, concessions and offsite functions from 200-20000 people.. Drove dramatic cost savings and optimization, including running a food cost of 20% and a labor cost of 8% of gross food sales only.. Revitalized the menu to bring a fresh approach to our branding mantra, chef inspired and culinary driven, creation and implementation of 2 new catering menus, as well as multipletailored menus to client specifications. I'm proficient at negotiation, ca, and menu planning.]
15261348, [I got my bachelor of science   business in business from pennsylvania culinary institute. As a Chef and Sous Chef, I worked from 02/2001 to 09/2006. And my major duty is Systematically tasted and smelled all prepared dishes, and observed color, texture and garnishes.. Provided courteous and informative customer service in an open kitchen format.. Implemented and supported company initiatives and programs.. Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.. Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.. Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.. Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for guests and VIP's I'm proficient at account management, computer proficient, and project management.]
27662298, [I got my bachelor of arts   culinary arts in culinary arts from bic city. As a Executive Chef, I worked from Apr 2005 to now.And my major duty is Reduced food costs by 2% percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.. Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and       local labor laws.. Implemented and supported company initiatives and programs.. Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining       areas.. Consistently kept a clean and safe environment by adhering to all federal, state and local sanitation and safety       requirements.. Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food production.. Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.. Followed proper       food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.. Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners' praise.. Prepared healthy, enjoyable breakfasts and dinners for diners.. Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.. Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs, and budgetary       considerations.. Developed strategies to enhance catering and retail food service revenue and productivity goals.. Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.. Provided nutritious, safe, visually appealing, innovative and properly prepared and flavored food. I'm proficient at high volume production capability, team management, and inventory management.]
16066857, [I got my ged john jay   city   state   new york national guard in new york national guard from new york. As a Staff Restaurant and Retail Chef, I worked from June 1994 to June 2006. And my major duty is Reduced food costs by. 12%. percent by expertly estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.. Expertly estimated staffing needs and adjusted hourly schedules in accordance with demand patterns, budget and local labor laws.. Implemented and supported company initiatives and programs.. Effectively managed and assisted kitchen staff in producing food for banquets, catered events and member dining areas.. Ensured smooth kitchen operation by overseeing daily product inventory, purchasing and receiving.. Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct temperature of all food products.. Established and maintained open, collaborative relationships with the kitchen team.. Consistently produced exceptional menu items that regularly garnered diners' praise.. Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints.. Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints.. Quickly and courteously resolved all guest problems and complaints.. Regularly developed new recipes in accordance with consumer tastes, nutritional needs,  and budgetary considerations.. Enforced appropriate work-flow and quality controls for food quality and temperature.. Consistently tasted, smelled and observed all dishes to ensure they were visually appealing and prepared correctly.. Displayed a positive and friendly attitude towards customers and fellow team members.. ? I'm proficient at leadership, self motivated, and profit and loss.]
30337969, [I got my master of business administration in biology from wayne state university. As a Environmental Scientist, I worked from January 2001 to January 2006. And my major duty is Performance of Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments, National Environmental Policy Act Reviews and Real Estate Transaction Screens throughout Midwest Interpretation of analytical results, development of corrective actions and presentation of findings in formal reports Performance of Hazardous Material Surveys including comprehensive asbestos, lead based paint and mold investigations and evaluations for industrial, residential, and commercial facilities throughout Michigan Performed industrial hygiene sampling and indoor air quality investigations Conducted on-site field quality controls including soil and groundwater monitoring Responsible for maintenance of several client accounts including daily and weekly project management Because of unique detail orientation, chosen to act as liaison with Verizon and Sprint regarding environmental statues, regulations, training and applications. I'm proficient at finance, closing, and business development.]
10333299, [I got my ged city   state   united states ged in culinary management from ged. As a Swing Manager, And my major duty is Scheduled and directed staff in daily work assignments to maximize productivity.Efficiently resolved problems or concerns to the satisfaction of all involved parties.Continually monitored restaurant and took appropriate action to ensure food quality and service standards were consistently met.Assigned tasks and oversaw the direction of employees to ensure compliance with food safety procedures and quality control guidelines. I'm proficient at performance appraisals, inventory management, and restaurant operations.]
28396528, [I got my state high school diploma in orting high school city   state high school diploma from orting high school city. As a Caregiver, And my major duty is Observed and documented patient status and reported patient complaints to the case manager.Read and recorded temperature, pulse and respiration.Completed and submitted clinical documentation in accordance with agency guidelines.Prepared patient rooms prior to their arrival.Collected urine and fecal samples.Assisted with adequate nutrition and fluid intake.Planned, prepared and served meals and snacks according to prescribed diets.Provided transportation, assistance and companionship to clients.Cleaned and organized patients' living quarters.Performed household tasks such as laundry, dusting, washing dishes and vacuuming.Facilitated games and other activities to engage clients.Kept facility stocked with necessary supplies, equipment and instruments.Provided necessary supplies, support and assistance to medical staff and patients for unit specific procedures.Recognized and reported abnormalities and/or changes in  patients' health status to nursing staff.Assisted with ADLs.Provided patients and families with emotional support.Comforted patients and provided them with reassurance and encouragement.Participated in the maintenance of safe conditions within the facility and other related areas.Maintained a clean, orderly and well-stocked environment. I'm proficient at understands medical procedures, charting expertise, and general housekeeping ability.]
19268120, [I got my associate of applied science in culinary arts from lincoln college. As a Lead line cook, I worked from 02/2001 to 01/2005. And my major duty is Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner.. Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.. Cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers.. Operated large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, deep-fat fryers and griddles.. Accurately measured ingredients required for specific food items.. Carefully maintained sanitation, health and safety standards in all work areas.. Prepared the buffet and salad bar for dinner service.. Checked in deliveries and signed off on products received.. Delivered an exceptional dining experience with friendly, fast service. I'm proficient at expert in preparing daily specials, training of employee, and fry cook specialist.]
20691949, [I got my bachelors of professional studies   culinary arts and restaurant management in culinary arts and restaurant management from culinary institute of america. As a Lead Expeditor, I worked from 02/2014 to 02/2015. And my major duty is The Masters Golf Tournament. Terrace Kitchen. High Pressure Environment. Time Management. Stress Management. Effective Planning and Organisational Skills.. 800-1100 covers in 3 hoursI worked from 12/2009 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Merion Cricket Club, Haverford, PA, Junior Sous Chef. Viking Culinary Center, Haverford, PA, Chef/Instructor. Cloud Catering and Events, NYC, NY, Cook. The Black Rat, Winchester, England, Stage. Craigie on Main, Cambridge, MA, Stage. Four Seasons Resort: Aviara, Carlsbad, CA, Intern I'm proficient at leadership, interpersonal skills, and critical thinking.]
26189601, [I got my bachelor of arts in culinary arts   culinary arts management from howard county community college. As a Culinary Apprentice under Executive Chef, And my major duty is Food preparation, cooking, carving, grilling, food plating and serving for buffets.. 30 hours/week      Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.. Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health standards.. Displayed enthusiasm and knowledge about the restaurant's menu and products. I'm proficient at fast and capable of handling large projects, knowledge of the personal chef private catering business, and maintain great quality of food.]
30826569, [I got my master of public health in nutrition from california state polytechnic university. As a Chef Instructor/Nutritionist, And my major duty is Created interactive curricula uniquely tailored for children ages 4-16 to include farm-to-table cooking.. Synchronized specialty programs that accommodated all food allergies, ensuring accessibility to all.. Restructured banquet services for 300+ Performance Night visitors. ]
91268638, [I got my high school diploma in high school from san joaquin delta community college. As a Sous Chef, I worked from Jan 2010 to Nov 2013. And my major duty is Developed menus, pricing and special food offerings to increase revenue and customer satisfaction.. Ensured all staff understood expectations and parameters of kitchen goals and daily kitchen work.. Actively involved in cost control, sanitation, menu development, training, recruitment, private dining and catering.. Maintained updated knowledge of local competition and restaurant industry trends.. Managed kitchen staff by recruiting, selecting, hiring, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, supervising, evaluating and enforcing discipline when necessary.. Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.. Led shifts while personally preparing food items and executing requests based on required specifications.. Regularly interacted with guests to obtain feedback on product quality and service levels.. Enhanced and maintained the central standardized recipe and ingredient repository, including nutritional and cost information.. Recommended menu items to the Executive Chef for new dish development, holidays, special events and promotions. I'm proficient at delivery, pricing, and and supervising.]
18036030, [I got my bachelors degree in human services social worker from ccbc essex campus. As a Server, Waiter. Team Lead, I worked from Sep 2013 to Dec 2016. And my major duty is Provided exceptional service to more than 200 customers per day at La Fontaine Bleu establishment.. Server. Busser. Cook. Cook prep. Arranged place settings with fresh tablecloths, tableware and flowers to beautify table.. Completed thorough and accurate opening and closing duties to facilitate smooth restaurant operations.. Walked among tables and refilled water and beverage glasses or took orders for more drinks and food.. Updated repeat customers on menu changes and new food and beverage offerings to maintain quality service relationships.. Collaborated with host, bus person and cook to serve up food and beverage options.. Operated and maintained cleaning equipment and tools, including dishwasher, hand wash stations, pot-scrubbing station and trash compactor.. Met or exceeded sales targets on consistent basis with proactive promotional strategies and dessert mentions.. Served plated dinners, buffet-style dinners and passed hors d'oeuvres for parties.. Carried appetizer and drink trays around. [Type]. events, maneuvering around guests and furniture without spilling.. Greeted customers, answered questions and recommended specials, wine and desserts to increase profits.. Prepared salads, appetizers and set up garnish stations to assist kitchen staff.. Collected dishes promptly after each course, cleared crumbs and glassware, and maintained customer satisfaction.. Addressed concerns or complaints quickly to improve service and escalated more advanced issues to management for resolution.. Greeted arriving guests and escorted each to assigned tables, took drink orders and answered questions about events.. Washed buffet, restaurant and banquet items, including silverware, dishes, cooking utensils, equipment and displays.. Educated guests on meals during wedding and birthday events, answering questions and bringing special orders.. Welcomed guests with personable attitude and smile, offering to bring beverage orders while reviewing menu options. I'm proficient at data analysis and reporting, behavior modification, and cleansiness and professionalism.]
36366044, [I got my bachelor of science   neuroscience in neuroscience from northern virginia community college. As a Food Runner / Server, I worked from 04/2010 to 08/2011. And my major duty is I held this position while still attending George Mason High School. Many of my responsibilities are already listed above; However, a detailed elaboration on my duties as a "Food Runner / Server" is available upon request. I'm proficient at leadership, team building, and time management.]
23398733, [I got my career step professional medical coding and billing program city   state certificate of graduation in anatomy   pathophysiology from career step. As a Independent Sales Consultant, And my major duty is Presented product demonstrations.. Communicated with hosts and customers and provided product support.. Recruited and mentored new consultants.. Won numerous sales and recruiting level recognitions and promotions. I'm proficient at organized, computer systems, and self starter.]
29990140, [I got my bachelors of art in history history from old dominion university. As a Intelligence Analyst, And my major duty is Honorable discharge after 20 years as a Naval intelligence analyst.. Compared, correlated and disseminated valuable intelligence information to executive level directors via expedited resources during global crisis like 9/11, Haitian earthquake, and the Malaysian tsunami.. Lived overseas in Italy as an operational intelligence analyst providing analysis and administrative assistance at an executive level.. While serving on two aircraft carriers responsible for providing near real time intelligence to executives as well as fighter pilots.. As the Independent Duty Intelligence Officer onboard a naval destroyer, obligations included providing intelligence, administrative support at an executive level, while working independently.. Leading Petty Officer of a division of 30 junior enlisted sailors while stationed onboard the USS John C.Stennis from September 1, 2000 - October 31, 2003.. Head of Intelligence Collection team ("SNOOPY team") of 20 non intelligence trained personnel onboard the USS Mustin from 2002-2005, including providing all intelligence preparation and education for team members. I'm proficient at internet research, time management, and customer service.]
30128072, [I got my high school diploma in economics and political science from boston university gpa   gpa         economics and political science gpa         high school diploma   july      colegio moral y luces. As a Intern, I worked from May 2013 to August 2013. And my major duty is Organized documentation for legal filings and procedures for lawyers and their cases.. Collaborated with.. several of the associates by going to local courts and following their assigned cases.I worked from May 2015 to August 2015. And my major duty is Performed deli servings, event organization, inventory control, and new staff training. I'm proficient at hebrew, english, and inventory control.]
28176889, [I got my business business in business from mceachern hs city. As a Loan Processor, And my major duty is Encode and cancel checks, using bank machines.. Compare previously prepared bank statements with canceled checks and reconcile discrepancies.. Match statements with batches of canceled checks by account numbers.. Load machines with statements, cancelled checks, or envelopes to prepare statements for distribution to customers or stuff envelopes by hand.. Fix minor problems, such as equipment jams, and notify repair personnel of major equipment problems.. Establish and maintain relationships with individual or business customers or provide assistance with problems these customers may encounter.. Examine, evaluate, or process loan applications.. Evaluate financial reporting systems, accounting or collection procedures, or investment activities and make recommendations for changes to procedures, operating systems, budgets, or other financial control functions. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
10889157, [I got my associate of arts   business management in business management from lakeland community college. As a Lead Cook/Kitchen Trainer Kitchen Manager, I worked from 07/2006 to now.And my major duty is Cook and Prepare meals for our guest.. Responsible to train all new kitchen cooks and dishwashers.. Keep control of the night shifts in the kitchen.. Train new kitchen employees at the 4 locations around Cleveland (Strongsville, Westlake, Downtown Cleveland, And Beachwood OH) Discuss and review our cook assistants with our sous chef and Kitchen manager and General Manager I started out as a prep cook in the back learning the menu for about two months then moved up to line cook for six months before I became a Lead Cook. I'm proficient at ability to adapt to any situation, mother sauce knowledgeable, and leadership skills.]
19951766, [I got my psychology in psychology from . As a Server/Waiter, I worked from February 2009 to January 2010. And my major duty is Delivered exceptional service by greeting and serving customers in a timely, friendly manner... Consistently adhered to quality expectations and standards.. Delivered exceptional, friendly and fast service.. Inquired about guest satisfaction, anticipated additional needs and happily fulfilled requests.. Prepared the buffet and salad bar for dinner service.. Continually kept carpets and floor clear of debris.. Maintained a professional tone of voice and words at all times, including during peak rush hours.. Facilitated prompt and accurate seating and service of all guests.. Regularly cleaned host stand and buffet area.. Transported all dirty tableware from dining room to dishwashing area for proper cleaning.. Consistently delivered exceptional customer service by quickly and efficiently clearing restaurant tables.. Supported other areas of the restaurant as necessary, such as setup, cleanup, prep work and equipment maintenance.. Stocked and maintained silverware, linen and condiments. I'm proficient at typing speed of wpm, powerpoint, and completed course training in customer service and confrontation at first council casino hotel.]
57262959, [I got my bachelor of arts in business management   human resource management from university of phoenix. As a Merchandise Manager/Human Resource Manager, I worked from 09/1991 to 03/1996. And my major duty is Responsible for the development of sporting apparel initiatives from conception and design (selection of fabric, stitching, and artwork), to sample development and merchandise/marketing feasibility to production approval and commercialization.. Facilitated marketing strategic sales meetings, developed marketing plans, and presented seasonal product purchasing plans to Nike, Kmart, Meijer, and Target.. Analyzed store consumer and market trends to predict inventory needs, established product specific reorder points for inventory management Managed budgets associated with new product development and initiatives Managed 15 data entry / order specialists and merchandise management assistants Excellent customer service skills utilizing new and innovative solutions to maximize potential with the customers Maintained compliance with sport licensing agreements. I'm proficient at organizational development, inventory management, and benefits.]
20033302, [I got my bachelor of science in business management from saint joseph university. As a Senior Tax Specialist, I worked from 01/2015 to 04/2017. And my major duty is Prepared and filed over 500 State and Federal tax returns for individuals, businesses, and charities.. Collaborated and advised.. taxpayer with notice correspondence management, audit preparation and representation.. Trained and mentored first year.. tax associates  Achievements  Earned H&R Block Academy's highestever test scores, a perfect 100 on the midterm and a 98 on the final  Outpaced upsell goals by 40%; ranked first districtwide for attached product sales revenue  Gained a 98% client recommendation score and a 96% retention rate by providing personalized and clientcentric service  Completed 1000+ hours in IRS accredited training courses, accomplished the third highest tax preparer seniority position  within H&R Block  Awarded with numerous acknowledgments and awards from Reginal and District Managers for rapid ascension, extensive  training, exceptional client care and exceeding sales goals two years in a row  Recipient of the prestigious Henry W.. Bloch Excellence in Client Service Award. I'm proficient at tax preparer, inventory management, and staffing.]
24709432, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from california coast university. As a Business Administrator, I worked from July 1978 to September 1998. And my major duty is 55 hrs./w, $50,000/yr.. Coordinated daily administrative activities and directly supervised 10 to 15 clerical personnel Trained and evaluated the job performance of all personnel assigned within this department Established work standards, assigned and scheduled workflow, delegated work to subordinate managers and supervisors, and reviewed work completion Conducted monthly individual and group counseling session with involuntary and resistant clients Provided client counseling evaluations to upper management Trained employees on software programs: Word Perfect, Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Sabre System. I'm proficient at ca, forms, and receiving.]
62555739, [I got my computer aided drafting and design in computer aided drafting and design from randolph   macon college. As a Customer Services, Billing and Server, I worked from 01/2006 to 06/2010. And my major duty is Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.. Helping the chef get ready for service by preparing food.. Cleaning the kitchen, including washing kitchen appliances, work surfaces, floors and walls.. Transports all materials to and from the event area, following all health and safety qualifications for food and serving ware.. Sets up, decorates, and prepares serving and dining areas according to specific directions and layout plans established by the catering manager.. Prepares food in an attractive and appetizing way according to the caterer's directions and serves the food with appositive and courteous demeanor.. Breaks down serving and dining areas.. Cleans and sanitizes all equipment, utensils, dining ware, linens, serving ware, and work areas.. Followed all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage to uphold proper health standards.. Selected and ordered décor and event materials.. Interviewed clients to understand event scopes of work, establish budgets and determine timelines for venue selection, guest list finalization, and rehearsal, ceremonies, and receptions.. Worked closely with couples to meet wedding goals, maintain deadlines and resolve complaints or service issues. I'm proficient at cooking, cleaning equipment, and revit.]
31547476, [I got my associates of applied science   medical billing and coding city   state medical billing and coding medical office support     college certificate in medical billing and coding from cowley county community college. As a Secretary, I worked from August 2004 to August 2005. And my major duty is Answered phone calls in a professional manner.. Greeted customers.. Completed shop tickets.. Operated office machinery.. Accepted payments and wrote receipts.. Performed payroll and bookkeeping functions.. Used a computer.. Set up a website and listed cars for sale on the Internet.. Completed paperwork for titling/retitling (title transfers). I'm proficient at newsletters, medisoft, and cash register.]
18480859, [I got my associate of arts in occupational studies from the academy   occupational studies culinary arts. As a Head Chef, I worked from 10/1979 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Successfully climbed the ladder from cook, toassistant chef to head chef. I'm proficient at expense control expert, excellent customer employee communications, and budgeting and analysis expertise.]
12254068, [I got my bachelor of science   risk and benefits management in risk and benefits management from the university of alabama. As a Show franchise, And my major duty is Started business as one of the first independent consultants in Tennessee.. Developed process/program  without ever attending a show or having one modeled for me.. Developed passionate demonstration to not only present products in an entertaining, informative, interactive forum to showcase product as needs-based but also to appeal to others as a business that is fun, fulfilling and could be easily duplicated.. Developed downline team of 42 consultants across multiple states in a pre-internet time.. Developed training programs and new letters for a very diverse team for monthly training meetings in person as well as via phone conference for those out of state.. Consultants were motivated by different personal goals (paycheck, obtaining products, desire to develop own business, etc.) therefore adjusted training based on different needs and personality types.. Provided encouragement and support for those new to business.. Provided inspiration to develop different sales strategies in a new market.. Developed advertising campaigns and flyer/mailings.. Introduced The Pampered Chef. I'm proficient at insurance, benefits, and balance.]
11432686, [I got my b   a   organizational   corporate communications journalism in organizational   corporate communications journalism from illinois institute of technology. As a Marketing Communications Coordinator, I worked from Jan 1993 to Jan 1995. And my major duty is Bretford is a leading manufacturer of office furniture, fixtures & equipment.. Responsible for evaluating and developing all customer product line reviews, as well as producing and managing all marketing communications materials used to drive sales revenue. I'm proficient at powerpoint, sharepoint bpc and sap microsoft suite word, and excel.]
25452321, [I got my high school diploma   business city   state   usa in business from business city   state   usa. As a Owner/Chef, I worked from December 1996 to September 2009. And my major duty is Owned and operated a small breakfast/lunch diner in Maine my responsibilities:.. purchased, prepared and cooked food to order.. Oversaw all staff to be friendly and polite to customers.. Created and explored new menu items and specialty items.. Maintained all equipment to be in safe and functional working order.. Ensured consistent high quality of plate presentation.. Also handled all management duties, purchases, payroll, scheduling, paying bills, hiring, firing.. As a result of many years of hard work, doing my best, I achieved many satisfied customers who returned on an everyday basis as well as out of state vacationers that came back year after year. I'm proficient at self directed, dedicated, and hardworking.]
28230807, [I got my culinary arts in culinary arts from culinary academy of south dakota. As a Line Chef, Prep Chef, I worked from 01/2000 to 01/2002. And my major duty is Assisted with grand opening of the restaurant.. Promoted to assistant kitchen manager within four months.. Knowledge of all kitchen stations and their functionality.. Demonstrated all cooking methods.. Fluent in sanitation and kitchen safety.. Complete set up and breakdown of entire kitchen.. Prepped all foods needed for following services. I'm proficient at creative development, cooking, and hiring.]
15354126, [I got my associate of occupational science in occupational science from le cordon blue college of arts city. As a Cook/Pastry-Cook, I worked from 10/2007 to 03/2008. And my major duty is Fine dining Mediterranean cuisine restaurant, with some Italy influent.. Externship with Todd English world renowned chef Set up station according to restaurant guidelines Prepares all food items as directed in a sanitary and timely manner Follows recipes, portion controls, and presentation specifications as set by the restaurant Restock all items as needed throughout shift Clean and maintain station in practicing good safety, sanitation, organizational skills Perform additional responsibilities, although not detailed, as requested by the Chef, Sous Chef or Kitchen Manager at any time Responsible for make specialties pasta sauce, stocks & soups. I'm proficient at enforcing strict health and hygiene standards in the cooking food preparation area strong desire to instill good practice and procedures in those working with you physically fit and able to lift heavy goods and stand for long periods of time.]
12155206, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from nashua community college. As a SECRETARY I, I worked from 01/1982 to 01/1984. And my major duty is Provide secretarial support for ten administrators and program manager. I'm proficient at outlook inspiration software publisher open to learning new software, computer proficiency, and time management accounting.]
27298953, [I got my certificate in human resources management in communications from fisher junior college mass communications. As a Customer Relations Manager / Sales Administrator, I worked from 07/1995 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for developing US based network of dealers, manufacturer's representatives and distributors. Acted as primary contact for Formenta's and PLP's base of national dealer, manufacturer's representative, and distributor network. Received and processed orders, providing first level technical support when required. Coordinated shipping and production arrangements as well as maintained freight company relationships. Monitored inventory and ordered restocking shipments to US based satellite warehouses. Generated and analyzed periodic sales reports, processed and qualified new dealer inquiries, generated standard and customized flagpole quotes. Consulted with manufacturing plant on technical matters, customer feedback and product development. Established and maintained promotional and collateral material budget. Developed and managed the preparation, ordering, and distribution of sales materials. Participated in sales calls and trade shows,  administered trade show arrangements , coordinated and directed trade show follow-up. Participated in the development and implementation of marketing objectives and sales strategies. Established policies and procedures pertaining to customer service and organizing internal operations. Interviewed, trained, and supervised employees. I'm proficient at business development, marketing, and travel arrangements.]
68338341, [I got my associate of science in culinary arts from kingsborough community college. As a Sous-Chef, I worked from February 1993 to November 1996. And my major duty is Worked with Chef David Burke in one of the most famous restaurants in N.Y.C during the mid-1990's.. Promoted to Sous-Chef and traveled with him to help with other restaurant openings out of state.. Chef Burke was a mentor to me and helped me to develop my palate and style of cooking, which still reflects my work today.. Assisted with recipe development for his first book "Cooking with David Burke". I'm proficient at aloha and cateredge, microsoft, and well versed in pos usage.]
22349169, [I got my associate of arts in culinary and restaurant management from delgado community college. As a Line Chef/Dishwasher, I worked from 11/2000 to now.And my major duty is Verona restaurant 1821 Hickory ave.. Harahan, la.. line chef, dishwasher.. Prepared food items consistently and in compliance with recipes, portioning, cooking and waste control guidelines.. Verified proper portion sizes and consistently attained high food quality standards. I'm proficient at delivery, pricing, and coaching.]
11877150, [I got my accounting in accounting from kwik kian gie school of business. As a Junior Auditor, I worked from 02/2012 to 06/2012. And my major duty is Analyzed and reviewed cost reports and communicated final results to clients.. Reported internal control issues to management and supplied comprehensive recommendations to mitigate the associated risks.. Gathered data for internal audits through interviews, financial research and downloads.. Articulated audit findings, risks and detailed recommendations to upper management.. Met with clients to identify and assess business controls, risks, process gaps and work flow inefficiencies. I'm proficient at finance, proficient in, and attention to detail.]
86549455, [I got my master of arts   industrial organizational psychology in  from belmont university. As a Human Resource Generalist Intern, I worked from July 2014 to March 2015. And my major duty is Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions and helping resolve work-related problems.. Advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes.. Directed job description development to maximize maneuverability of personnel. I'm proficient at mentoring, customer satisfaction, and project management.]
26530575, [I got my b   aaccounting certified public accountant in b   aaccounting certified public accountant from queens college. As a Financial Controller, And my major duty is The New 42nd Street, Inc.. is the organization created by the city and the State of New York that oversees the redevelopment of seven historic theaters on 42nd Street with an annual operating budget of 13,000,000.. The organization operates two of the seven theaters itself; The Victory Theater and Duke on 42nd Street Facilitated financial reporting and stewardship over this entertainment/real- estate organization's assets ($50,000,000) Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.Prepared organization's GAAP financial statements  and Prepared financial andregulatory reports required by GAAP, laws, regulations or boards of directors Managed yearly financial audit process and relations with external auditor and served as backup for VP of Finance with human resources and benefits administration Managed a staff of three management, weekly deposits, payroll, AR, AP, inventory, credit card reconciliation, bank reconciliations, other balance sheet reconciliations, budget support, quarter end close process, and IRS compliance.Planned, organized and directed the day-to-day finance department and quarterly and annual reporting process for government grants, and city contract compliance reporting.Enforced internal controls over general ledger processing and IRS compliance, andadvanced comprehensive written accounting procedures.Directly supervised finance staff of three direct reports including selection, training, andcoaching, responsible for performance evaluation, promotions, and disciplinary actions.Mentored and coached finance apprentices as a part of organization-wide apprenticesprogram.. Worked with management to document and offset unexpected expense and varified and identified opportunities to enhance interdepartmental communication Served as project manager for the accounting system (Financial Edge) conversion, and streamlined the quarter closing process- to improve efficiency and effectiveness for allfinancial reporting requirements.Designed and worked with IT to develop general ledger interface with the general ledger(Financial Edge) during the company-wide system conversion and implementation of theTessitura Enterprise ticketing (patron information system.Served as project manager for payroll integration resulting in increased accuracy andaccountability within the processing workflow.. As a result, processing time decreased by 50%.. January 2004 toColumbia UniversityJanuary 2006New York Internal AuditorColumbia University is a private Ivy League research university with ($13,000,000,000) in assets andover 31,922 employees.. Evaluated and contributed to the plan for improved risk management, control, and governanceprocesses within Columbia University.Performed complex operational and financial audits to ensure compliance with legalrequirements and consistency with strategic plans Specialized in NCAA and Ivy Leaguecompliance audit, and fraud investigations: coordinated with Public Safety, General Counsel,and Human Resources.Assisted management with establishing standard operating procedures, as well assetting up adequate governance processes that effectively preserve values, set goals, monitoractivity and performance, and define measures of accountability.Coordinated audit projects with external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers.Lead meetings with key finance executives and audit team. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and preparation of financial statement.]
23955183, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration finance from california state university of bakersfield. As a Intern, I worked from Aug 2010 to Oct 2010. And my major duty is Interview prospective clients to obtain data about their financial resources and needs, the physical condition of the person and to discuss any existing coverage.. Call on policyholders to deliver and explain policy, to analyze insurance program and suggest additions or changes, or to change beneficiaries.. Seek out new clients and develop clientele by networking to find new customers and generate lists of prospective clients.. Calculate premiums and establish payment method.. Contact underwriter and submit forms to obtain binder coverage.. Attend meetings, seminars and programs to learn about new products and services, learn new skills, and receive technical assistance in developing new accounts.. Ensure that policy requirements are fulfilled, including any necessary medical examinations and the completion of appropriate forms.. Customize insurance programs to suit individual customers, often covering a variety of risks. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, insurance, and forms.]
24854026, [I got my master of technology management in business administration finance from seton hall university. As a Treasury Assistant, I worked from May 2005 to February 2007. And my major duty is Processed journal entries and assisted with other month end close duties.. Led recovery of lost revenue associated with returned check payments. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and processors.]
48285304, [I got my bachelor of arts   political science in political science from grand valley state university. As a General Manager, And my major duty is Increased profits by 20% in first year, resulting in one of the best possible ROI's.. Cut cost of goods sold by 13% by negotiating lower freight rates and increasing standards of product quality.. Identified need for comprehensive business management solutions.. Developed training program for new employees that company implemented nation wide. I'm proficient at processes, quicken, and operations management.]
14722634, [I got my ba   business in business from eastern ct state university. As a SR Tax Analyst, And my major duty is Review and correct Trust Returns (1041), Corporate Returns (1065), and apply CT K-1 to non-residents tax payers.. Receive over 200 calls daily from tax payers, and help resolve related tax issues.. Review and make adjustments on income tax bill for refund accounts. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and leadership.]
27789372, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from youngstown state university. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from June 2008 to March 2010. And my major duty is Analyzed financial and accounting records. Used Accounting and Auditing Sox procedures to evaluate information and review compliances. Conducted payroll audits and inventory counts. Assisted with internal audits. Applied cash deposits against accounts receivables daily. Reviewed Journal Entries and monthly Landowner Statements to pass Sox compliance I'm proficient at microsoft acess basic skill level, microsoft excel intermediate skill level, and adp payroll system years experience.]
26767199, [I got my master of science in accounting from kean university. As a Accounting Supervisor, I worked from April 1995 to February 2002. And my major duty is •Prepare weekly and bi-weekly in-house payroll for 300+ employees.. •Prepared and Reconciled benefits plan reports and registered company for multi-state tax.. • Prepared and filed weekly and bi-weekly federal and state payroll taxes.. • Supervised a staff of six (A/P, A/R, Billing, Payroll, Collections and Human Resources).. • Reconciled and analyzed income statement and balance sheet accounts.. • Reconciled bank and Inter-company accounts; and prepare and post journal entries.. • Prepared weekly cash forecast and wire vendor payments.. • Maintained fixed assets seclude and post expense.. • System administrator, for Mas90/200 including, monthly module closing.. • Coordinated quarterly audits with company's external auditors. Resolve and follow-up with accounting or auditing issues. I'm proficient at hyperion, quick books, and business works.]
15891494, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting and finance from fourah bay college city. As a Compliance and Internal Controlls Officer, And my major duty is Daily reconciliation for four(4) Banks international bank accounts. Weekly report on all activities in the bank. Monthly cash count at our branches. Preparing of customer transaction report. Comply with applicable Money Laundering Prevention Procedures and, in particular, report any. suspicious activity to the Unit Money Laundering Prevention Officer and Line Manager.. Adhere to policies including escalation and compliance requirements, and follow any other relevant. internal controls and procedures as they relate to process, products, policies and regulations.. Weekly review of all KYC document and ensure they are authentic. Ensuring that account opening packages are have information submitted by customers. Collect and analyze data to detect deficient controls, duplicated effort, extravagance,. fraud, or non-compliance with laws, regulations, and management policies.. Examine records and interview workers to ensure recording of transactions and. compliance with laws and regulations.. Daily reconciliation for four(4) Banks international bank accounts. Weekly report on all activities in the bank. Monthly cash count at our branches. Preparing of customer transaction report. Comply with applicable Money Laundering Prevention Procedures and, in particular, report any. suspicious activity to the Unit Money Laundering Prevention Officer and Line Manager.. Adhere to policies including escalation and compliance requirements, and follow any other relevant. internal controls and procedures as they relate to process, products, policies and regulations.. Weekly review of all KYC document and ensure they are authentic. Ensuring that account opening packages are have information submitted by customers. Collect and analyze data to detect deficient controls, duplicated effort, extravagance,. fraud, or non-compliance with laws, regulations, and management policies.. Examine records and interview workers to ensure recording of transactions and. compliance with laws and regulations. I'm proficient at active listening, judgment and decision making, and time management.]
78229715, [I got my bachelor of accounting in accounting from cameron university city   state. As a Tax Specialist, I worked from 12/2003 to now.And my major duty is Prepared Individual tax returns including Schedules A, B, C, D, and E. Correction and transmission of returns rejected by the IRS and amendment of prior years tax returns. Prepared the end of day journals I'm proficient at accounting software, financial reports, and general ledger accounting.]
22720697, [I got my accounting in accounting from barnes business college. As a FULL CHARGE BOOKKEEPER/REAL ESTATE SALEPERSON, I worked from 03/1995 to now.And my major duty is Full charge bookkeeping for several LLC ventures, (i.e. accounts payable and receivable, all functions of payroll including all IRS reporting, depositing funds that also included keeping track of mineral checks and coding deposits as gross revenue less taxes, bank reconciliations, any and all secretarial duties i.e. answering phones, typing, filing etc., creating ads for real estate listings focusing great attention to RESPA guidelines, photography for ads, entering listings to the MLS system, writing real estate contracts and keeping up with all due diligence dates making sure all are abided by with follow-up actions through the entire transaction until closing, overseeing and representing East Slope Properties in all closings at the Title Company. Renew license plates for vehicles, receive monies from county residents for taxes, answer phones, filing, some typing, reconciling funds and transactions. I'm proficient at accounts receivable, marketing, and trial balance account reconciliations.]
70541112, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from hawaii pacific university. As a Senior Financial Analyst, And my major duty is Analyzed accounting processes, resolved system processing issues System consolidations and budgeting process Managed project deliverables, including development of project plans, budgets and staffing for ERP financial systems imp  lementations across varied industries.. Designed and implemented customized daily processing procedures for AR, GL, AP and Inventory functions.. Developed reconciliation methods for reconciling receivables and payables.. Researched ISO compliance issues Financial Analyst (Platinum Software) Performed gap/fit analysis and developed custom business accounting solutions Supported clients with day to day accounting processes including GL, Payables and receivables account reconciliations Financial statement preparation, sales forecasting and SEC reporting Installed client server ERP systems and configured financial software modules (GL, AP, AR, PO and INV). I'm proficient at purchase accounting, oracle i, and erp implemenations.]
20705888, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics in economics from lehman college   city. As a Volunteer, And my major duty is Participate in various activities helping children by painting elementary schools for motivation and writing letters to Santa Claus during the holiday season. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, microsoft powerpoint, and excellent skills in microsoft outlook.]
28522529, [I got my b   sc university of kerala in bank management from . As a Manager, I worked from December 1993 to May 2008. And my major duty is Worked as the Dealer and Funds Manager of the Bank for 6 years; managed a portfolio of INR 18 billion Evaluate various investment avenues for managing the bank's investment portfolio, especially in fixed income securities, equity shares, mutual funds and bonds.. Funds Management and Liquidity management of the bank.. Risk Management of the investment portfolio of the Bank Managing the CRR (cash Reserve Ratio) and SLR (Statutory Liquidity Ratio) of the bank.. Credit Management Accountable for appraisal of retail and corporate advances, both working capital and term loans Managing the review and renewals of all credit related files at Head Office and branch level.. Monitoring of different types of personal loans, Mortgages (housing loans), Vehicle loan and Educational loans.. General Banking operations: Administration of the branch, effective cash management, funds transfers.. Monitoring of assets and liabilities of the bank at branch level.. Adhering to KYC and AML norms stipulated by the central bank.. Maintain good Customer Relationships.. Retail Marketing of bank's and 3rd party insurance products to enhance profitability of the bank Create awareness among the customers regarding various financial derivatives and trading options Trade Finance/Foreign Exchange transactions Handling of trade finance transactions, such as Purchase, negotiation & collection of export bills based on UCPDC Import bills collection, issue of letter of credits Purchase and issue of travelers' cheques, foreign currency, Funds transfers, TTs etc.. ECGC & RBI  compliance. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and leadership.]
19147603, [I got my bachelor of science   commerce accounting in commerce accounting from university of batangas. As a Account Examiner, I worked from 01/1980 to 01/1985. And my major duty is Examined financial reports of Foreign Service posts such as New York, Stockholm, Pakistan and San Francisco.. Prepared reports of disbursements and collections of the above-mentioned posts.. Liquidated cash advances of assistant secretaries and ambassadors.. Acted as Finance Officer of UNGA (United Nations General Assembly) and UNCLOS (United Nations Law of the Sea).. Entertained phone inquiries. I'm proficient at finance, bi, and general ledger.]
11490673, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration human resource management in business administration human resource management from western international university. As a Accounting & Benefits Manager, I worked from June 2006 to February 2007. And my major duty is Performed accounting support for three company locations: accounts payable, accounts receivable, financial statement preparation for executive staff, financial/variance analysis, and budgets for future projections Managed medical billing collections, deposit and reviewed reports through medical billing system Provided reconciliation for six bank accounts; administered company's FSA employee accounts Set-up and monitored budgets for departmental managers; developed and provided training for "cost conscious" approach Identified, wrote and implemented an employee Exit Interview Process; evaluated termination reasons, and prepared reports and data for appropriate retention methods; reviewed and created company policies for time and attendance. I'm proficient at cash flow, inventory levels, and business development.]
84356308, [I got my bachelor of science   mathematics in mathematics from university of the punjab. As a Senior Auditor, I worked from 06/2002 to 05/2006.  I'm proficient at finance, expert in gaap and statutory reporting, and financing.]
91564103, [I got my bachelor degree   business administration   accounting in business administration from pontifical catholic university of puerto rico. As a Staff Accountant, And my major duty is Performed general accounting functions, including the preparation and review of financial analysis and reports. I'm proficient at finance, data compilation, and consulting.]
22622351, [I got my bachelors of arts   accounting in accounting from mount mary college. As a Accounting Clerk,  I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and facilities management.]
61634281, [I got my bachelor of arts   audio arts   acoustics in bachelor of arts   audio arts   acoustics from columbia college chicago. As a Office Manager, I worked from Oct 2006 to Dec 2007. And my major duty is Provided customer service and managed daily office operations of this design company focused on custom graphics- based fashion and home accessories.. Developed long-term relationships with vendors and clients to help grow the overall business.. Processed orders for multiple sales outlets including retail website, wholesale showrooms, department stores and boutiques.. Maintained product inventory and supply management. I'm proficient at quickbooks workamajig ms office suite indesign photoshop concrete cms google analytics googledocs intervals seo sem social media digital and film photography proficient in both mac and pc environments.]
24530382, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration   finance from stanford university. As a Cost Schedule Analyst, I worked from January 1990 to January 1992.  I'm proficient at leadership, corporate consolidations, and change management.]
27018361, [I got my b   com in b   com from b   l   i   s madras university. As a Process Associate, And my major duty is Involved in MI Consolidation & MI Audit Involved in Query Solving.. Cross-skilled in Different processes Consistent High Quality performance with good productivity.. Involved in Training of New team members.. Completed the Lean Training.. Achievements Had been a top performer in the whole floor for doing maximum number of cases, I reached the "Last Attributable Reference" message, which blocks the clients software and got Siemens best Performer award. I'm proficient at finance, negotiation, and processes.]
92524964, [I got my bachelor of commerce in accountancy from andhra university. As a Deputy Manager, I worked from 01/1980 to now.And my major duty is 4 Star Hotel), Visakhapatnam, managing all the activities of Finance Department and also handled the administration.. MIS & Budgets: Preparing Management Information statements and submitting to Management.. Preparing Budgets for the coming Years.. Preparing statements and required statistical information for the Board of Directors Meeting.. Monitoring the expenses with budget, submit to the management variance report with Budget.. Monitoring the inventories, purchases.. Obtaining competitive market price on periodical basis.. Liaison with Sales and Marketing department for Average daily rate from various market segments.. Preparing Month end report and financial reports for monthly Management meeting.. Monitoring the property insurance and relevant insurance matter.. Submitting periodical statements to the Financial Institutions.. Looking after the total financial matters of the Organization.. Cash Flow control Controlling Food cost and Beverage cost.. Minimizing the expenditure and maximizing the profit without affecting the quality of service.. ACCOUNTING    : Maintaining   Cash,   Bank    Books,    General Ledger, Journal, Sundry Creditors   Ledger, Sundry Debtors Ledger, Stores Purchase Journal, Cash Transactions, Subsidiary Ledgers, Preparing of Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Account.. Preparing of Balance Sheet after providing outstanding Liabilities, prepaid Expenses, etc., Preparing of Interest Schedules AUDIT: Updating of Books of accounts and preparation of Statements for the conduct of Internal Audit and   Statutory Audits, Audit Finalization, Preparation of Schedules, Bank   reconciliation Statement, preparation of Depreciation Statement, Assets Register, Preparation of Foreign Exchange Statements for submission to Bank.. Liaising with Auditors.. TAXES: VAT, Withholding Tax: Input and Output VAT and making payment to Revenue department.. Payroll Tax: Making recovery from salaries and arranging for payment.. Income Tax: Preparing the computation Statement and making tax payments accordingly.. PERSONNEL: Social Security: Making   recovery from employee's salary, arranging   for   Social Security payment.. Associates Medical insurance.. COMPUTERS: Presently working on computerized accounting system.. Computer training    in    DATA   PRO     COMPUTERS (MSDOS, LOTUS, WORDSTAR, UNIX, DBASE, Having knowledge in INFORMIX 4GL Programmes.. OTHERS: Besides  the  above  work routine, I am  also  looking  after  any liaison  work  with  the  outside  agencies,  entrusted  by   the Management. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and ledger.]
19405513, [I got my bachelor   s of science   finance in finance from bentley university. As a Community Consultant, And my major duty is Volunteered in Guatemala to help a Microfinance organization improve community outreach.. Performed marketing and sales campaigns with local entrepreneurs in rural communities.. Empowered individuals by providing access to vital and affordable products (i.e. glasses, water filters, and solar products). Managed team of eight to conduct sales and market research for solar products in urban and rural areas.. Translated qualitative data into quantitative data in excel and used a PowerPoint presentation to present our findings. I'm proficient at databases, microsoft office suite, and accounting software.]
17775916, [I got my bachelor of commerce in bachelor of commerce from calcutta university. As a Kolkata | Account Assistant, I worked from April 2004 to April 2006. And my major duty is A city based garments manufacturing firm.. Functional Role: Finalisation of Accounts. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and financial report.]
18975686, [I got my bachelor of arts   music music in music music from southern university. As a Business Manager, And my major duty is March 2009My responsibilities consisted of submi ing loan applications to lending institutions to secure financing for the purchase of new and used automobiles.. The sale of aftermarket warranties and maintenance products to dealership customers.. Generate additional profit from securing financing for customers and from the sale of aftermarket products to dealership customers.. Created and directed sales team training and development programs.. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.. Received superior customer service satisfaction scores for 12 consecutive quarters.. Created charts and graphs to illustrate daily, monthly and annual financial reports.. Developed promotional programs to optimize revenue levels. I'm proficient at automobiles, finance, and sales.]
28758002, [I got my bachelor of science in finance from new york institute of technology city. As a Controller, I worked from 02/1990 to now.And my major duty is Established line of credit used in financing working capital requirements.. Implemented departmental budget vs.. actual reporting system.. Consolidated branch accounting operations resulting in staff reduction.. Improved P.C.-based general ledger and Account Payable software to improve reporting.. Submitted monthly financial statements to Board of Director (BOD).. Supervised four (4) direct and fifteen (15) indirect reports.. Served as point of contact while managing key relationship with New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYCDMH), banks, hospitals, universities, and other establishments to support service contract delivery and administration.. Assumed additional responsibilities as needed, including oversight of Human Resources (HR), front desk, administrative staff, and IT functions.. Presided over facility expansion and acquisition projects with direction of financial and budget forecasting and analysis, cost approval, contract negotiations, and associated functions. I'm proficient at direction, closing, and general ledger.]
59938965, [I got my bachelors of business administrations in accounting from mercer university. As a Senior Credit Representative, And my major duty is Demonstrated strong project management skills through competent management of 26 sales centers' accounts in the Florida Division.. Implemented a process improvement system to assist in reconciliations.. Prepared customer billing and developed reports weekly for upper management. I'm proficient at leadership, rapport, and sales.]
28396458, [I got my business   accounting in  from north idaho college. As a Owner/CEO, I worked from 07/1995 to 05/2001. And my major duty is Founded and successfully developed a mid-level nutritional internet business. Marketing and Advertising. Performed accounting functions; accounts payable, accounts receivable, invoicing, monthly account reconciliation, and bank deposits. Web-Site Development. Handled all bill collections and credit inquiries Arranged and conducted staff meetings. Managed all employees and staff Domestic & International Shipping/Packaging. Responsible for maintenance of equipment and company vehicles. I'm proficient at e commerce, organizational skills, and marketing.]
27914096, [I got my bba   accounting in accounting from university of massachusetts   amherst. As a Advanced Staff Auditor, I worked from October 1996 to October 1998. And my major duty is Performed financial statement audits for high-tech, food and beverage, financial services, health care, manufacturing and telecommunication clients.. Identified accounting issues, utilized technical knowledge, research skills and analytical abilities to determine proper accounting treatment and ensure compliance with GAAP.. Analyzed internal control procedures to determine audit risk and to assist clients in strengthening their control procedures.. Provided suggestion to management for improving their internal operations.. Used strong organizational skills, detailed documentation and computer proficiency to record the procedures, results and conclusions of testwork. I'm proficient at citrix, powerpoint, and microsoft outlook.]
57088974, [I got my accounting in accounting from barnes business college. As a Resort Revenue Manager, I worked from July 1991 to August 1998. And my major duty is Managed revenue department which audited 10 restaurants, Adult and Kids Ski Schools, 8 retail outlets, The Crested Butte Marriott Hotel (252 suites ), The Sheraton at Crested Butte (300 rooms) and various vacation rental properties.. Responsible for hiring, training and disciplining up to 20 associates.. Responsible for the security and accurate processing of large sums of currency and credit cards from multiple resort operations exceeding $250,000 daily.. Ensured timely and accurate bank account reconciliation for various corporate entities between multiple banking organizations.. Coordinated the transfer of funds among multiple bank accounts.. Managed, reviewed and approved high volume of A/P and A/R transactions and inter-company allocations.. Managed and reviewed all functions regarding financial statement preparation.. Prepared audit work papers for corporate auditors.. Provided support and assistance to Controller.. Assisted with conversion of new computer software and hardware.. Member of Wage Committee, Leadership Committee and the Software Design Committee.. Received awards for Associate of the Week, Team of the Week, Team of the Month and Special Project of the Month.. EQUIPMENT/SKILLS Computer Literate.. Solid working knowledge of accounting/auditing principles and procedures. I'm proficient at engineer, finance, and leadership.]
26231609, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from seton hall university. As a Senior Auditor, I worked from August 2008 to November 2010. And my major duty is Performed financial audits of SEC corporations and governmental entities. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and risk assessment.]
20836112, [I got my bachelor of arts   journalism in journalism from lincoln college. As a Vice President, And my major duty is Managed the progress of committee chairs, while maintaining positive professional relationships with other organizations on campus.. Serve as contact personal for the Minority Student Leadership Council.. Speaker of the House during service events. Created events that expanded beyond the College of Business into the Communications Department. I'm proficient at creative writing, event planning, and public speaking.]
28398216, [I got my bachelor of science   commerce accounting in commerce accounting from university of batangas. As a Account Examiner, I worked from 01/1980 to 01/1985. And my major duty is Examined financial reports of Foreign Service posts such as New York, Stockholm, Pakistan and San Francisco.. Prepared reports of disbursements and collections of the above-mentioned posts.. Liquidated cash advances of assistant secretaries and ambassadors.. Acted as Finance Officer of UNGA (United Nations General Assembly) and UNCLOS (United Nations Law of the Sea).. Entertained phone inquiries. I'm proficient at finance, bi, and general ledger.]
26961846, [I got my bachelor of science in accountancy from holy angel university. As a Audit Staff, I worked from Apr 2005 to Jun 2005. And my major duty is Daily allowance of PHP50           Hours: 40 hours per week During my senior year in college, I have undergone on-the-job training for audit.. I have assisted in the financial audit, review and evaluation of systems of control and other related professional services of various companies. I'm proficient at internal audit, finance, and payables.]
37931076, [I got my associate of arts in english from south suburban college. As a Cashier/CSR, I worked from 11/2010 to now.And my major duty is Effectively completed procedures involving receiving, marking, and checking in merchandise.Issued receipts, refunds, credits, or changed due to customers.Assisted Managers in the day-to-day running of the store in line with Corporate Sales procedures. I'm proficient at draw, telephones, and reading.]
16426777, [I got my master of business administration in  from university of maryland   college park robert h   smith school of business. As a Senior Internal Auditor, I worked from 07/2002 to now.And my major duty is Evaluated the adequacy and effectiveness of Merck's internal control environment through identifying significant business risks and conducting detailed testing of critical business processes.. Supervised audit teams during 3-week fieldwork engagements, and prepared written reports of audit findings and recommendations for senior management.. Completed 11 audit assignments as the Auditor-in-Charge.. Recognized and shared best practices for improvement throughout Merck's worldwide operations.. Participated in audits of international subsidiaries, divisional entities, corporate, and third parties.. Developed audit recommendations and implementation plans in collaboration with entity management teams and Client Audit Directors in order to mitigate potential risks.. Worked with domestic departments and international subsidiaries to enhance their internal control documentation to assure Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and financial analyst.]
26750846, [I got my principles of accounting in humanities from lehman college. As a Senior Accountant, And my major duty is Responsible for the preparation of bi-weekly payroll including retirement plans, termination, union dues as well as resolving insurance issues and deductions for 550+ employees using the ADP system.. Maintained and entered time-keeping data for collected bi-weekly timesheets into ADP system with particular focus on processing exempt & non-exempt hours, personal, vacation & sick leave.. Applied knowledge of applicable laws as related to the payroll process, including garnishment regulations, and state tax regulations.. Reviewed payroll reports for accuracy prior to distribution of pay checks.. Interacted with employees and management on payroll related projects and inquiries including reporting of employee leave of absence, unemployment, fund allocations, payroll account reconciliation, disability and worker's compensation on a monthly and quarterly basis.. Maintained and monitored all government contracts, grants and restricted contributions to ensure all reporting requirements are met on a timely basis and review on-going budgetary discrepancies with program directors.. Prepared annual audit schedules, budgets and various financial analyses as needed.. Maintained an accounts payable turnover rate of 30 days or less.. General ledger posting.. Prepared bank reconciliation.. Successfully managed over ten state and city contracts, including preparing monthly expenditure reports, budget modifications, and year end closeouts.. Maintained account receivable analysis reports. I'm proficient at payroll account reconciliation, finance, and general ledger.]
28623782, [I got my bachelor of science in public management from florida agricultural and mechanical university. As a Department Manager - A/R Unit and Collections, I worked from August 2004 to July 2007. And my major duty is A/R Unit and Collections Managed daily operations and strategic objectives exceeding monthly corporate office expectations on departmental branch goals set.  Supported Director of operations, supervised collection floor activities, built dialer campaigns, provided timely client receivable budget information, and accurately reported client account standings.. Lead, managed, and mentored / coached collection department (15 direct reports) through appraising job performance contributions, formal setting and side by side on floor training.. Maintained bank card data, record management, accounting ledgers.. Verified approved all credit card and check payments received by A/R representatives.. Provided Market share analysis and stair step reporting to corporate office.. Processed Payroll (ADP), Yearly reviews, Scheduled, Hired, and Disciplined employees. I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, micro strategy iwr, and sap.]
81677620, [I got my  in finance from brooklyn park university. As a Accountant, I worked from May 1992 to September 1996. And my major duty is Maintained basic accounts, book keeping Reconciliation of Bank statements Ledger entries, journal entries Customer relations Invoice entries and cross checking Prepared and analyzed financial statements Making Cheques for parties Maintained Ledger for Sales, purchase Making Vouchers & Entries in Computer Cash Handling & Preparation of Day Book. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and ledger.]
14413148, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of albuquerque   city. As a Controller, I worked from January 1976 to January 1977. And my major duty is Approved by two CPA firms to the ONEO Board to assume Controllers function.. Responsibilities included supervision of a computerized Fund Accounting system, streamlining accounting functions and training of reservation residences in operation of the computerized system in accordance with GAAP.. Reduced accounting/computer staff from thirty-four to twenty-six employees.. Decreased annual audit fee by over 40% by having staff prepare audit schedules. I'm proficient at negotiation, prime, and home office.]
76454959, [I got my bachelor of arts in economics from hofstra university. As a Budget Analyst, I worked from 12/1990 to 10/1992. And my major duty is Public Relations & Special Production) Prepared annual expense budget totaling $6M for 47 Macy's Northeast stores including several high profile events (i.e.. the Thanksgiving Day Parade and the 4th of July Fireworks Show).. Responsible for carrying out contractual obligations including the preparation and disbursement of appearance fees to various members of the Sports Entertainment Industry (MLB, NFL and NBA).. Trained, supervised, and evaluated staff. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and financial analyst.]
11441764, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of phoenix   city   state master of business administration   business        university of phoenix   city   state also attended wright state university. As a Supply Specialist, I worked from 01/1999 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Maintained accurate inventory for over 180 line items.. Helped prepare over $500,000 worth of equipment and supplies from de-commissioned ships for warehouse turn-in. I'm proficient at as, processes, and streamline.]
24411323, [I got my certificate   finance   automotive insurance in finance   automotive insurance from uds city. As a CNA, I worked from 01/2003 to now.And my major duty is Performed patient care in a long term, geriatric care Hospice and terminally ill care of.. patients and family Daily care of 13 bed unit Bathing and care of patients.. Charted and.. documented activities as well as working in teams with doctors, and.. ancillary personnel. I'm proficient at leadership, negotiation, and bi.]
33685988, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration finance from northern caribbean university. As a Supervisor & Senior Accounts Clerk, I worked from January 1997 to January 2007. And my major duty is Supervised a staff of eleven persons.. Regular scheduled inventory updates and reconciliations each month Prepared Payroll for weekly and monthly staff using Turbo Pay software Daily scheduled directives for inventory to deliver island wide Accomplishments Trained staff regarding standard operating procedures Resolved differences between team members and ensured an atmosphere of unity and respect Maintained dialogue with customers in order to promote the company's sales & to develop a good rapport with the customers Organize and streamlined the routine procedures for the sales representatives Ensured that both monthly & annual Returns prepared and submitted a timely manner. I'm proficient at cash flow, interest payable savings, and sales.]
62850928, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration accounting and finance from the ohio state university. As a Chargeback Analyst, I worked from Jun 1995 to Oct 1997. And my major duty is Maintained largest vendor with weekly sales of $1.2 million+. Reduced Cardinal exposure for resubmissions from 120 days+ to 60 days. Acted as a liaison between internal departments and vendors. Collected unpaid balances through vendor resubmission and phone calls. Analyzed detail and summary agings. Communicated and resolved various issues with vendors. Researched various issues for reconciliation purposes. Trained new employees on chargeback analysis and reconciliation I'm proficient at cash flow, budgeting, and management.]
34250007, [I got my bachelor of arts in finance from mount union college. As a Accounting/Finance Internship, I worked from 06/2002 to now.And my major duty is Intern in Accounting Department at headquarters of Westfield Bank. Perform daily accounting routine, completed reconcilements, commercial loan audits and budgets Systems Experience and Proficiencies. Microsoft Office/Outlook, Lotus Notes, SAP, HOST Analytics and Tableau Software. SAP and HOST Analytics subject matter expert for Abbott Finance organization I'm proficient at accounts with, finance, and subject matter expert.]
74849878, [I got my bachelor of arts in history from texas a   m university corpus christi   gpa   recipient of rising star scholarship academic achievement award   texas a   m history recipient of rising star scholarship academic achievement award   texas a   m lone star community college. As a Customer service representative/driver/food line, I worked from 02/2009 to 11/2011. And my major duty is Entered customer orders, prepared pizza dough and toppings, made pizzas and delivered customer orders safely within company time requirements. I'm proficient at delivery, powerpoint, and sales.]
25497147, [I got my associate of arts in business business management from midwest business college. As a Corporate Accountant, I worked from 02/1998 to now.And my major duty is Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.. Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.. Coordinated meetings with other department managers.. Supervised and trained billing and collection staff. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and general ledger accounting.]
31948488, [I got my bachelor   s degree   business administration in business administration from university of central oklahoma   city. As a Office Manager, I worked from April 2003 to December 2005. And my major duty is Established and maintained filing system.. Procured office equipment and supplies.. Served as liaison with subcontractors, vendors, attorneys, accountants, and government agencies.. Maintained excellent customer relations and develop customer rapport.. Diplomatically resolved customers' complaints.. Managed project files to track expenditure and projected completion using Microsoft Project.. Prepared bids for construction projects.. Maintained account payables and account receivables.. Reconciled bank statements and ledger accounts.. Created financial reports using QuickBooks. I'm proficient at cash flow, payables, and ledger.]
18640927, [I got my medical engineering in medical engineering from baker college. As a Munitions Systems Specialist, I worked from 01/1985 to 01/1988. And my major duty is Munition Systems Specialist: I assembled, disassembled and maintained non-nuclear tactical weaponry. I'm proficient at finance, floor plan, and processes.]
77638654, [I got my real estate agent in real estate from lakewood sr   high school. As a Admissions Office Executive Assistant, I worked from May 1998 to April 1999. And my major duty is Managed and facilitated new student orientation.. Maintained transcripts for all students and teachers certification records Assisted financial aide department Assisted the career counseling department Tracked department expenses and supplies Orchestrated all aspects of graduation ceremonies. I'm proficient at proficient in quick books, benefits, and attention to detail.]
38441665, [I got my bachelor of science in accountancy from miriam college foundation. As a Accounting Staff, I worked from January 1999 to October 2000. And my major duty is Prepare invoices and follow-up on payments.. Prepare payments to vendors.. Prepare tax returns and other regulatory reports Process payroll.. Handles bank transactions.. Handles bookkeeping and preparation of financial statements and schedules. I'm proficient at cash flow, managing cash flow, and benefits.]
18072085, [I got my b com   internal auditing in b com   internal auditing from walter sisulu university of technology. As a Trainee Accountant - SAICA Trainee, I worked from September 2007 to September 2009. And my major duty is Cashbooks, VAT returns, Manual IRP5's, IT3 (a)'s and IT14's, EMP501's, Bank Reconciliation,.. Finalizing VAT, Advising Clients, Preparing the Financial statements,.. Debtors Reconciliation, Creditors Recon, Fixed Asset Register.. Reason for leaving. : Looking for better opportunities and growth. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and shared service.]
14408510, [I got my b   s   business administration   finance in business administration   finance from columbia southern university. As a Trade Promotion Specialist, And my major duty is Accounting Pre-audited and processed trade marketing and bottler coop reimbursements to conform to GAAP guidelines.. Analyzed and adjusted trade budgets to actual to facilitate year-end close process.. Prepared period and year-end close journal entries for multiple general ledger and cost center combinations.. Created customized reconciliation forms and reports, using Excel techniques including macros, V-lookups, and pivot tables.. Led and executed department training; trained new hires on Marketing Funds System, SAP and reconciling procedures.. Participated in the development, testing and documenting of department reconciling tool.. Oversaw department records retention/retrieval system; received "What Outstanding Work" (WOW) award for initiative and independent effort.. Received "Shooting Star" award for individual contribution to team's overall successful accomplishments. I'm proficient at cash flow, data management and analysis, and finance.]
12858898, [I got my b   s     accounting in accounting from bemidji state university. As a Senior/Lead Analyst, I worked from 02/1998 to now.And my major duty is Directed final finance integration of 22 Employee Benefit offices/states. Identified issues, implemented policy changes and conducted training for the general ledger conversion. Led department automation project for financial reporting and development of budget model. Implemented new Trust Operations cost allocation methodology and actual versus plan volume tracking. Led financial tracking for the merger of Norwest/Wells Fargo Trust Operations Groups. Identified and implemented changes to allocation model for un-invested cash balances. Managed analysts that provided daily finance support I'm proficient at finance, employee benefits, and training.]
24670867, [I got my m   b   a in accounting from . As a AP Manager / Accountant, And my major duty is I          1/16-10/16.. Partner with Controller to monitor weekly cash flow and prioritize payables.. Analyze business operations, trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments, and obligations, to project future revenues and expenses.. Lead integration and plan for all post-acquisition functions as it relates to accounts payable.. Accountable for the ongoing analysis of process constraints, target costing projects, margin analysis, and tracing costs back to underlying activities.. Coordinate and manage all payables-related audit requests.. Uphold SOX and internal control standards by documenting and maintaining standard operating procedures.. Manage accounting functions including maintenance of general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and project accounting; ensures accuracy and timeliness.. Manages monthly closing of financial records and posting of month end information; ensures accuracy of financial statements.. Survey operations to ascertain accounting needs and recommend, develop, and maintain solutions to business and financial problem.. Acts as a liaison between the company, government and external accountants to meet information needs and to ensure that proper information is maintained for historical purposes.. Selects and hire employees for the Accounting/ Finance team.. Trains and evaluates employees to enhance their performance, development, and work product.. Addresses performance issues and makes recommendations for personnel actions.. Motivates and rewards employees including providing salary increases, bonuses and promotions within allocated budgets and company guidelines.. Prepares and recommends operating and personnel budgets for approval.. Reconcile central travel account statements in the IExpense application.. Audit card program reconciliations; ghost purchasing card reconciliations; and auditing expense report violations in the IExpense applications.. Provide knowledge of policies and procedures, supporting cardholders and general employee based on.. Travel and Entertainment related items and Purchasing Card related items. I'm proficient at finance, bolt, and closing.]
29648950, [I got my associate of science   business management in business management from prince george   s community college. As a Real Estate Agent, I worked from September 2013 to December 2014. And my major duty is Sellers Agent -. Advertising and Marketing Own Real Estate Business under a Broker Name. Creating a large Client base From Networking and constant Calls and Mailings. Listing homes on The M.L.S and other Real Estate based advertisements.. Holding a 30 day close rate for 2 years in row.. Negotiating with other Buyers Agents in the Sale of my Clients Home.. Discussing pricing with my client that is in their best interest.. Hold “Open Houses” and accepting offers from potential Buyers.. Present on the Day of closing with my client and making sure all Title work is complete.. Assisting Investors in Listing their homes for Sale or Rent.. Buyers Agent-. Making cold calls to Clients in our database to persuade in becoming their Agent.. Discussing Finance opportunities and know what banks will work with their current situation.. Counseling Clients on the best price of their home and how to maintain their mortgage payments.. Searching for homes that fit the Clients needs and wants and budget.. Making appointments to show homes and becoming very knowledgeable of them.. Staying organized to ensure better Customer service.. Having great relationships with Loan officers and Bankers to ensure great deals for my Clients as needed. I'm proficient at finance, sales manager, and insurance.]
27330027, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics   geography in economics   geography from university of cincinnati. As a SVP Financial Planning & Analysis, I worked from January 2003 to May 2008. And my major duty is Developed Portfolio Valuations utilizing Discounted Cash Flow Models,. Econometric Modeling and Risk Simulations Developed quantitative risk and return models Responsible for. identifying and pricing acquisitions for private equity Responsible for buy side valuation analysis Responsible for. due diligence Responsible for projections and budgets Worked with Low Income Housing and Historic Tax. Credits. I'm proficient at business objects, cash flow, and draw.]
17880988, [I got my master of business administration in finance from johnson and wales university. As a Financial Analyst, I worked from 07/2013 to 07/2014. And my major duty is Selected to examine accounting records to compile financial information and reconcile reports.. Incorporated detailed research to process journal entries and author financial reports.. Proactively developed process analysis while maintaining clear open lines of communication with leadership.. Scrutinized current and past financial data, trends and performance, to champion financial improvements. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and leadership.]
15011085, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of north texas. As a PRICING ANALYST, I worked from 10/2005 to 10/2006. And my major duty is Research and analyze domestic and foreign securities Prepare daily and monthly security reports via our pricing vendors Work closely with Accounting Department to ensure timely and accurate reporting to our clients regarding their investment portfolios Management of various corporate retirement accounts,  reporting on a monthly and daily basis Prepare daily and monthly pricing variance reports for specific accounts. I'm proficient at six sigma, sales, and trend analysis.]
20977412, [I got my master of business administration in management management from university of oklahoma city. As a Assistant Administrator, I worked from 09/1986 to now.And my major duty is Credit Underwriter, Indirect Underwriter, Credit Admin, Loan Review.. Produce and monitor annual budget process with Supervisor.. Evaluated and classified multi-million dollar Commercial and Retail Loan Portfolios based on analysis of financial statements, tax returns and collateral appraisals - reported results to Board of Directors.. Approved/Rejected installment loan requests within established loan authority.. Responsible for all business loans for the retail team Served as representative of Loan Review Team to Senior Loan Committee regarding classification of commercial loans exceeding $1 Million.. Analyzed processes and created computer applications used to replace manual operations.. Successfully gathered information, articulated recommendations - proven research skills using Microsoft Office (Excel, Access, Word) Provided research and formal written reports to management.. Monitored adequacy of Loan Loss Reserves, reported status monthly to Board of Directors.. Maintained list of Exceptions to Policy and reported status monthly to Board of Directors. I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, performance appraisals, and processes.]
26013403, [I got my associate of arts in finance economics   spanish from diablo valley college. As a Director -Manager -Options Trading Services, I worked from May 1992 to Oct 2007. And my major duty is Managed trading floor staff and all trading floor procedures.. Oversaw all facilities and maintenance of the entire options department.. Developed and managed quarterly operating budgets for the entire San Francisco Trading Floor and Options department.. Analyzed employment-related data and prepared required reports.. Collected and analyzed data to evaluate operational issues and make process improvement recommendations.Communicated the duties, compensation, benefits and working conditions to all potential candidates.. Defined strategy and business plans for entire SF-options trading floor.. Rolled out new front end proprietary software for all trading firms.. Traded customer orders in a fast paced open-out-cry environment.. Oversaw scheduling for the day-to-day activities of assigned trading pit. I'm proficient at monthly, flow charts, and hiring.]
84373843, [I got my general studies in general studies from heartland community college. As a Floor Installer, And my major duty is Clean and load truck with product.. Remove old product from the floor.. Install new product on to the floor.. Be as clean, organized, and courteous as can be on each and every job. I'm proficient at problem solver, organizational skills, and very efficient minded.]
21912637, [I got my master of business administration in finance   marketing   operations management   economics and business law from university of phoenix online. As a Intern, I worked from 09/2005 to now.And my major duty is Reviewed pay slips for accuracy.. Prepared stock stack cards.. Responsible for Inventory and Stock control.. Assisted in Procurement procedures.. Prepared and reviewed payment vouchers.. Data entry, archiving and filing. I'm proficient at data entry, publisher, and microsoft word.]
14181049, [I got my master of business administration in  from university of massachusetts. As a Director of Finance, I worked from January 1997 to January 2005. And my major duty is A $1B comprehensive provider of wireless communications and software solutions to the healthcare, government, large enterprise and emergency response sectors, Originally hired as an Assistant Controller, I experienced substantial professional growth achieving three promotions culminating in overseeing the global finance team including accounting, financial reporting and analysis while working closely with the Executive management team.. Major Achievements:.. Working with the Engineering and Technical Operations teams I created lease and licensing database solutions in order to maintain FCC regulatory compliance saving the company $1.2M in penalties and fines.. Through acquisition the company was operating 13 individual billing systems and the ability of senior management to make timely business decisions was hampered by a slow consolidation's process.. With the focus on closing the books and producing standard reporting, meaningful analysis was an after-thought.. In order to provide the leadership team with better tools I established a database solution mapping each individual billing system to my data warehouse with an export into Lawson that allowed for a timely and accurate close in less than five days. I'm proficient at daly wolcott, finance, and enterprise.]
29998869, [I got my ba   economics in economics from hennepin technical community college city. As a Senior Business Analyst, I worked from 10/1999 to now. I'm proficient at reporting, operations, and forecasting.]
18024825, [I got my ph   d     materials science and engineering in materials science and engineering from georgia institute of technology. As a Research Scientist, I worked from 10/1999 to now.And my major duty is Worked on the development of mathematical models for life prediction of turbine engines blades for US Air Force fighter jets. ]
28973180, [I got my bachelor of science   civil engineering        mosul university   city   iraq civil engineering both degrees already equivalent to us degrees   master of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from mosul university. As a Site Engineer, I worked from Jun 2000 to Oct 2002. And my major duty is Studying each project at the onset and draft an outline of items that may need attention.. One of my first duties was studying the work plan submitted by the contactor and suggesting any modifications to the supervisor Engineer.. Supervising the works on site in accordance with the contract requirements and using the template and procedure established by government.. Supervising the works in accordance with the drawings, technical specifications and bills of quantities.. Ensuring the correct implementation of the works according to technical specifications, to designs and quality of materials.. Preparing list of materials for which the procedures for acceptance will be done.. Preparing list of tests that may be required and following these tests to be carried out and approved.. Checking and testing of completed works before a contractor covers them.. Checking and ensuring that the site is arranged as per the site management plan and that all measures are taken for site safety and the safety of the third parties in the vicinity of the site.. Ensuring that health and safety measures are adopted and followed to the full extent and prepare weekly report.. Suggesting and instructing additional safety measures if needed.. Studying and verifying quantities of works done and provide a report to contractor.. Providing an assessment of any variation to contractor for approval.. Assist in the preparation of provisional acceptance and snag list.. Maintain a filing system for all site memos and instructions, measured quantities of work and materials on site, reports and other documents and correspondence pertaining to the construction activities.. Coordinating the site meetings with the Contractor. I'm proficient at engineer, supervising, and processes.]
23573064, [I got my bsc   civil engineering in civil engineering from al   fateh university. As a Office manager and secretary, And my major duty is Tasks and responsibilities:.. Office management, organization and documentation.. Overseeing financial duties, including payrolls, budgets and spending. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and networks.]
10549585, [I got my masterof science   information systems in information systems from university of maryland   university college. As a Computer Information Systems Specialist II, I worked from September 1999 to July 2004. And my major duty is Administered the installation, configuration and continued maintenance of network equipment including servers, storage devices, routers, hubs, switches, and printers.. Troubleshoots and resolves network connectivity and network related hardware/software problems. Processed an average of 20-30 inbound and outbound technical support calls.. Reviews new hardware and software specifications and recommends products for procurement.. Install, configure, and optimize network communication hardware and client software. Referred difficult issues to upper management while maintaining positive rapport with customer.. Create users, assigns privileges, and provides ongoing user support. Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to resolve complaints and answer inquiries.. Respond to connectivity related help desk requests. Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations.. Runs backup and recovery operations.. Provides support and assistance to staff. Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills. Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.. Completes archiving of network data and completes appropriate documentation.. Collaborates with teachers and coordinators to assess and evaluate educational software to project future needs. Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers. I'm proficient at cash flow, quality improvement, and merchandising.]
23354541, [I got my bachelor of science   finance in finance from university of california   city. As a Dealership Finance Manager, I worked from 02/2003 to 11/2006. And my major duty is Reviewed credit and loan applications.. Prepared monthly and quarterly financial reports.. Negotiated financing and credit terms with customers.. Ensured compliance with all applicable financial regulations. I'm proficient at sales, clients, and financial reports.]
29494962, [I got my master of science   psychology mental health and well being in psychology from cypress community college. As a Secretary - Communications & Marketing Division, And my major duty is manage work flow of office. work with city council and executives on various events including city council meetings. professionally respond to multiple daily phone calls regarding a wide range of subjects. revised Desk Diary. press releases, flyers, etc. social media. create presentations for meetings. City Plaque Inventory. created C&M Weekly concept for efficiency. maintain Influential Communicator's list. company credit cards. create Emergency go kits. community outreach. maintain equipment inventory. Department Coordinator, Weight Room Rehabilitation, Employee ACCOMPLISHMENTS Formally recognized by the Brea City Mayor for playing an instrumental role in the succession of his term.. Asked to serve on the City of Brea's Safety Committee to work together on providing a safe work environment for employees. I'm proficient at create power point presentations for executives, letters, and invoices.]
81217013, [I got my mba in accounting from bernard m   baruch college. As a Accounting Clerk, I worked from February 1991 to October 1994. And my major duty is While working in a bond counsel law firm on wall street. I initially was the backup to each segment of the department ranging from accounts payable and receivables, cash management and payroll;eventually the lead to accounts receivables, cash management as well as the system administrator to there IBM main frame solution. I'm proficient at media services group magazine software, budgeting expertise capital and operating, and powerplan budget forecasting solutions.]
39675895, [I got my bachelor of science   economics and finance in economics and finance from bentley college. As a Process Improvement Engineer, I worked from Jul 2006 to Jun 2009. And my major duty is Completed a Liquid Petroleum Gas market study for National Programs and identified 10 new states in which they should expand their business, equal to an estimated $12 million dollars in premium.. Conducted an Account Manager job-assessment for Northland Insurance with the end goal of establishing metrics to measure the performance of 18 Account Managers on a monthly basis.. This study included interviewing, studying workloads and process time, and ultimately working with Management to develop performance measure metrics.. Assisted business areas with improving their operational performance by working through the process engineering methodology which consists of: project planning, core data collection, process documentation, preliminary data analysis, the development of recommendations, and final report presentation.. Managed an Architects & Engineers process improvement project focused on finding opportunities to simplify the A & E's work environment.. This was accomplished through a division of labor comparison between 17 employees and another business unit, an assessment of streamlining opportunities along with an identification of work that can be performed outside the office.. Managed an Employee Relations process improvement project where I interviewed, created process workflow documents, and identified over 80 process improvement opportunities that were built into their 2008 business plan.. 1st Rotation: Home Office Assistant Regional Financial Officer for Domestic Companies Provided financial and strategic planning analytical support to the Domestic Financial Officers in the Domestic Finance Teams for Travelers of Florida, Travelers of New Jersey and Premier.. Visited these field offices at least once a month, and acted as the liaison between the Domestic Companies and the Home Office. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and book.]
12071138, [I got my b   s   office administration accounting in office administration accounting from new hampshire college graduate school of business   business administration b   s   office administration accounting southern new hampshire university   new hampshire college. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at supervising, finance, and insurance.]
25330083, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration   finance from state university of wisconsin. As a Loan Analyst/Customer Service Representative, I worked from September 2005 to July 2006. And my major duty is Reviewed and analyzed financial documents and loan applications for home loans.. Verified compliance with federal requirements and ensured conformity to Wells Fargo Funding and investor requirements.. Conducted extensive research to support loan decisions and resolved complex issues.. Developed "in house" expertise for above-average knowledge of tax penalties and other "fine print" liabilities that were crucial to proper loan administration.. Regarded as thorough and courteous professional by peers and clients, known for consistent delivery of high-level customer support particularly through challenging loan applications. I'm proficient at passionate, general ledger, and process improvement.]
69487178, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from california polytechnic. As a Senior Auditor, I worked from 01/1997 to 03/2000. And my major duty is Client base included I'm proficient at technical support, ca, and finance.]
86595128, [I got my bachelor of science   finance   accounting   information management in finance   accounting   information management from . As a Director of Business Operations, I worked from 04/2005 to now.And my major duty is Managed all operational activities of a single hotel location.. Established a pricing strategy which gave a competitive advantage over other competitors increasing portfolio revenue by 31% over a span of 3 years Decreased operating expenses by 17% through using resources efficiently and eliminating non-resourceful positions in the staff Expanded sales and marketing efforts to reach a greater demand in the market place Reached a 99.7% customer satisfaction rating by providing additional amenities and services through the hotel Achieved a 95% average occupancy annually for 3 consecutive years. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and enterprise.]
74512244, [I got my master of science in finance from babalola university   city. As a COMMERCIAL BANK INTERN, And my major duty is Open and maintain customer accounts by recording information.. Identifying and assessing customers' needs to achieve satisfaction.. Managing incoming calls and customer service inquires.. Used company's accounting software to verify customer identity before withdrawals were made.. Assisted with inter-branch bank reconciliations at the end of each month.. Assisted the accounting department in the preparation of documents for audit.. Process standard teller transactions for customers including servicing client accounts, cashing checks, balancing cash drawers and correcting discrepancies.. Developed research reports and gained experience within the bank's finance, credit risk, commercial lending,. consumer lending, mortgage lending, operations, and strategy departments.. Engaged colleagues as an efficient branch operational team, balanced daily work, and studied monthly financials.. Performed teller functions in accordance with established bank policies, procedures and regulations. I'm proficient at spreadsheet development management, microsoft office suite, and organizational and follow up skills.]
25678238, [I got my master   s degree   higher education administration in higher education administration from west virginia business college. As a Executive Secretary, I worked from Jan 1990 to Jan 1991. And my major duty is I was responsible for all billing and tracking of accounts receivable, scheduling business appointments, setting up and maintaining all office computers, all office correspondence, designing and implementing all promotional materials, microfilming and maintaining organization of all office documents, payroll and accounts payable functions. I'm proficient at finance, french i, and microsoft office products.]
38907798, [I got my masters of business administration in corporate finance   advertising and promotion strategy from university of southern california. As a Senior Financial Analyst, I worked from January 2008 to January 2012. And my major duty is Performed revenue analysis, cost analysis, and utilization analysis on a monthly basis and provide reports to Finance Director and CFO.. Analyzed financial results against the forecast and prior year results to measure current performance.. Reported monthly and year to date figures to the corporate office.. Prepared journal entries and schedules for monthly close.. Processed invoices, expense reports, and review purchase orders to ensure that all are in line with corporate policies.. Processed and manage inter-company invoices and billings.. Prepared and reconciled accrual and deferral schedules on a monthly basis.. Managed and implemented internal controls within the different departments of the agency.. Supported annual audit process by preparing necessary schedules. I'm proficient at business objects, cash flow, and finance.]
58165257, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration finance from university of southern california. As a Analyst, And my major duty is Performed research and analysis on various industries and markets and compiled data into publication format for delivery to over 40,000 firm clients, including C-level executives, financial professionals and industry analysts. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and leadership.]
93653247, [I got my master of business administration in business economics   finance from hoboken state university. As a VP, I worked from Jan 2010 to Jan 2012. And my major duty is Off-Shore Project Management | Multimillion-Dollar Budgets | Global PMO Staff Top-performing Program Manager consistently sought out to reengineer troubled projects.. Managed PMO staff in a matrix reporting structure consisting of 44 Global Project Managers and a department budget of $15-million.. Managed all projects, budgets, and strategic analysis for all programs.. Prescribed solutions that provided quick ROI for maximum revenue productivity, service optimization, and system flexibility.. Directed programs with up to 70 infrastructure and application projects--implemented vendor and financial strategies that improved project planning and reduced costs by 60% in only five months. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and forecasting and financial.]
29612672, [I got my bachelor   s degree   business administration in business administration from university of illinois at chicago. As a Adjustments Associate, I worked from January 2007 to January 2008. And my major duty is Investigated and adjusted Item Processing Center's bank teller errors based on their regions.. Processed requests on items posting twice, missing items, source of receipt, listed not enclosed, photo and original items, encoding errors, and missing cash letter items.. Validated all of Bank of America's adjustments to Banco Popular by debiting or crediting appropriate accounts.. Performed debits from accounts that engaged in fraudulent cashing of Social Security checks and created Protest Letters for the customers.. Attended telephone inquiries on pending credits and cases from both internal and external customers along with correspondent banks.. Processed several charge-off items that are past due deadlines in order to accurately debit or credit affiliated banks.I worked from January 2003 to January 2007. And my major duty is Proof Processor promoted to Teller Processed customer's transactions, performed bank by mail and night drop deposits.. Balanced the ATM, coin vault, cash vault, and other monetary instruments (Travelers checks, Money order and Official checks) daily.. Answered to customer's inquiries or questions and attended telephone calls from customer services for further assistance.. Reviewed teller transactions, corrected the errors, and balanced the accounts in question.. Entered checks and corrected rejected items from the proof processing machine and manually looking up the check in question and typing its amount.. Performed the entire end of the night duties such as balancing accounts and adding the totals for other affiliated banks to be mailed out to La Salle or Federal Banks.. Assigned the role to audit co-workers and assume supervisory position on weekend because of a proven track record of dependability Created training procedures for the Item Processing Department for First American Bank, and other banks that were also processed by FAB. I'm proficient at ledger, processes, and general ledger.]
66741193, [I got my masters of accountancy   accounting in  from james madison university. As a Sales Manager, I worked from 01/2002 to 06/2003. And my major duty is Developed leadership skills as a sales manager and agent for a fortune 500 Insurance Company.. Trained new agents and ran a successful sales team of 2-3 Sales Associates. I'm proficient at leadership, matrix management, and powerpoint.]
24553863, [I got my b   s   finance in finance from university of maryland at college park. As a Corporate Controller, I worked from January 1990 to January 1994. And my major duty is Served as Corporate Controller for an international consulting company for 6 years.. Prior to that was Corporate Controller for 5 years for a Salvage and Appraisal firm that provided services to Commercial and Self-Insureds experiencing catastrophe losses.. Responsible for all FP&A functions as well as Corporate Tax Returns.. In both instances, managed the selection and implementation of Financial Management Systems. I'm proficient at self motivated, team and resource cultivation, and product development.]
16449850, [I got my associate of arts   finance in finance from florida atlantic university. As a Director of Finance, I worked from 01/1990 to 02/2005. And my major duty is Prepare monthly financial statements, forecasts, and annual budgets.. Work in properties with annual revenues ranging from $20MM up to $39M.. Full responsibility of balance sheet and general ledger.. Member of the Executive Team providing financial direction.. Yield management strategy and group business analysis.. Lead financial and operations reviews with managers.. Educate newer managers on how to read and interpret financial statements as it relates to their responsibilities.. Establish and maintain all internal controls, obtaining best audit review.. Recruit, train, and mentor personnel.Currently supervising a staff ranging from 5 to 17 associates.. Negotiate contract with third party and hotel partners.. Responsible for hotel's local area network and all I.T. related duties.. Preparing any special reports, statements, and other items as requested.. Special Projects Increased cash flow with aggressive receivable collections.. Reduce departmental and overhead expenses by proper allocation of duties and negotiations with vendor to reduce cost.. Properties worked; Marriott Casa Marina, Marriott Sawgrass, Marriott Boca Raton, Holiday Inn Madeira Beach, Holiday Inn Key West, Marriott Portugal, Sheraton Arlington, and several other properties. I'm proficient at cash flow, supervising, and direction.]
47410104, [I got my master of business administration   finance and operations in  from montclair state university. As a Manager, I worked from January 1998 to January 2000. And my major duty is Analyzed and introduced a financial profitability model that realized a 15% revenue growth from capitalizing on the spill over effect of competitor's promotion.. Reorganized departmental structure and introduced electronic scan receiving procedures, which increased labor productivity and technological efficiency by 50%.. This saved the company $3000 per week in payroll expense.. Reduced inventory holding cost and doubled truck deliveries, eliminated excess storage charges incurred from truck deliveries, and enhance company's just-in-time ordering process. I'm proficient at sales, npv, and investments and return on investment roi.]
38225199, [I got my general studies in early childhood education   computer science from community c college of denver. As a Customer Relations Manager, I worked from 03/2012 to Current. And my major duty is Supervise and manage the daily operations of employees.. Successfully led key projects which resulted in employee of the month.Monitor employee performance to ensure goals and objectives are met and/or exceed and that quality control techniques are utilized by each employee.. Responsible for customer satisfaction and the implementation performance and service standards related to Sprint Nextel Direct Service.. Prepare daily reports of key milestones as management tool to ensure that performance levels for each employee are properly documented for use during the mid-year and annual evaluations.. Ensure new hires are familiar with the day to day administrative operations of the organization and have all the necessary tools to perform daily tasks efficiently and effectively.. Field questions when necessary.. Counsel employees on defining career and work related goals and objectives.. Advise employees when necessary of opportunities and/or training that would enhance career opportunities at the company.. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing good customer and personal service.. Developed yearly and monthly team building actives for employees and upper management.. Responsible for tracking customer claim information in system database and negotiating resolution of complaints that can be handled on the local level.. Processed complaints resulted in 95% resolution to the satisfaction of both the customer and the company.. Assist customers with routine requests, questions, and concerns regarding various store policies and their accounts.. Research billing inquiries to ensure customers receive the best service possible.. Work in conjunction with upper management/ director to identify performance gaps and develop departmental budget and controls in the operations.. Provide written and verbal feedback regarding work results.. Develop and implement processes and/or operational improvements to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of the  operations.. Ensure that productivity meets or exceed service and quality standards.. Successfully developed and implemented several creative employee incentives for processing regional, government and corporate collections and establishing new accounts.. Successfully refined and implemented new projects focused on aiding the Center in processing collections more efficiently and effectively closing gaps in process.. Prepare daily reports of collection and customer care receipt transactions and disbursements.. Reconcile daily accounts payable, accounts receivable and cash receipt transactions in general ledger.. Ensure that all monetary transactions are properly documented.. Review and monitor reports as required (i.e., daily time sheets, budgets, etc.).. Interface with other business units to ensure timely completion of work.. Outstanding interpersonal, motivational and presentation Driving business decisions.. Can think strategically in order to create a vision and set company direction.. Generating innovative ideas that are cost-effective ensuring profitability to the company.. Implementing change in the work process to optimize productivity.. Presenting the monthly performance in the monthly review meetings.. Ensuring that the employees adhere to the company's rules and are in sync with the company's mission and value.. Delegating tasks to the subordinates.. Negotiate and manage agreements through business contract process.. Managing client relationships to build a reputation for excellent service and generate repeat business Informed the customers about the advantages and ease of use of credit cards the company offers. I'm proficient at processes, direction, and presenting.]
14106638, [I got my bachelor of science   accountancy in accountancy from miami university city. As a Audit Professional, I worked from 08/1997 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for various financial audits for retail, manufacturing,   investment management, academic medical centers, healthcare, higher education and non-profit entities.  Also responsible for multiple due diligence assessments in the mergers and acquisition consulting practice of the firm.  Trained staff nationally in audit methodologies, accounting guidance and audit software at continuing education seminars.. Prepared and reviewed financial statements of both private and public companies, including multi-location consolidations.. Researched accounting issues and concluded on proper accounting treatments and disclosures.. Performed and supervised projects assessing internal control reliability and effectiveness, including companies subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.. Acted as lead senior in a large multi-national restatement audit surrounding proper lease accounting.. Acted as lead manager in large multi-state restatement audit undergoing a significant SEC investigation.. Supervised and evaluated audit staff ranging from one to twenty-five individuals.. Participated in national committees to design and create audit programs for not-for-profit and higher education industries.. Prepared and coordinated audit budgets, forecasts and billings.. Actively participated in recruitment efforts and interviews of potential hires enrolled in nationally identified strategic business schools.. Presented in continuing education seminars with local business groups and  university accounting cirriculum. I'm proficient at contract negotiations, treasury management, and board communications.]
19243556, [I got my bachelor of arts in accounting from front range community college. As a Controller, And my major duty is Managed accounting operations, financial close, account reporting and monthly reconciliations. Prepared accurate consolidated financial statements pertaining to cash receipts, expenditures and profit and loss at each month end. Managed annual external audits. Directed corporate accounting system conversion into AccPac Plus accounting platform. Completed monthly bank reconciliations for multiple bank accounts, with no discrepancies. Maintained fixed assets, calculated and recorded monthly depreciation and amortization. Managed general ledger for five companies. Reconciled 12M+ inventory. Managed all facets of Payroll for 80+ employees including filing of all payroll taxes, quarterly and annually. Prepared W-2's and 1099's annually I'm proficient at financial reporting and analysis, finance, and process improvement finance controls implementation.]
20880935, [As a Senior Market Analyst EES, I worked from November 1995 to May 2001. And my major duty is Managed, analyzed, and administered a multi-million dollar budget for operating expenditures in the energy services large business and trade market.. Responsible for financial performance analysis, risk analysis, business planning for investor relations, conducting quantitative analysis of information affecting investment programs of public and private investors and institutions based on the NYMEX and current Houston Ship Channel price.. Analyzed budget variances and initiated appropriate guidelines to more aggressively control expenditures and increase profitability.. Established budget and risk guidelines to operate more efficiently to increase profitability for investors and the company as a whole. ]
95519832, [I got my bachelors of commerce in accounting from mumbai university. As a Customer-service executive, I worked from August 2001 to September 2003. And my major duty is Responsible for understanding and resolving problems raised by customers and provide better services.. Responsible to also for cross selling of additional cards and loan to increase the card base. Worked on CCMS system I'm proficient at customer service credit and collections marketing global trade services computer proficient, customer service, and branch banking.]
39295103, [I got my associate of science   accounting business lake michigan college   city   state accounting gpa      business associate of applied science   computer science accounting milwaukee area technical college   city   state computer science accounting gpa      associate of arts   material management in material management from lake michigan college. As a Booking Clerk, I worked from 07/1972 to 10/1979. And my major duty is Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information. I'm proficient at finance, websites, and processes.]
25101183, [I got my master of business administration in business economics   finance from hoboken state university   city. As a VP, I worked from 01/2010 to 01/2012. And my major duty is Off-Shore Project Management | Multimillion-Dollar Budgets | Global PMO Staff Top-performing Program Manager consistently sought out to reengineer troubled projects.. Managed PMO staff in a matrix reporting structure consisting of 44 Global Project Managers and a department budget of $15-million.. Managed all projects, budgets, and strategic analysis for all programs.. Prescribed solutions that provided quick ROI for maximum revenue productivity, service optimization, and system flexibility.. Directed programs with up to 70 infrastructure and application projectsâ€”implemented vendor and financial strategies that improved project planning and reduced costs by 60% in only five months. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and processes.]
88038965, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of south carolina. As a Manager, And my major duty is Office Supervised and directed the daily progress of audits by managing staff performance  Discussed audit issues and findings with audit engagement team and hospital management Presented audit findings and recommendations to hospital senior management Reviewed audit memoranda and working papers for technical accuracy and completeness Prepared and conducted performance evaluations for staff assigned to audit engagements Prepared engagement memoranda, working papers, and summary audit reports Previous Employment History Available Upon Request. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and processes.]
17392859, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from johnson   wales university. As a Investor Services Specialist, I worked from October 2001 to June 2007. And my major duty is Reviewed market quotes for acceptable fluctuation, reasonableness and accuracy.. Responsible for quality control of financial transactions.. Performed data entry to generate shareholder reports.. Regularly communicated with clients to assist them with their retirement accounts.. Assisted in quality control processes which include: monitoring status of reconciling and fee bill processing, assuring written policies and procedures are consistently applied and identifying areas where additional training is needed.. Utilized a variety of databases and applications to complete shareholders request.. Results oriented and hands on skill in research and analysis, business operations and customer/client support. I'm proficient at hyperion, powerpoint, and accurate.]
20969845, [I got my mba   business administration in finance   banking   investment from university of akron. As a Totur, I worked from 07/2004 to now.And my major duty is Applied the required teaching methods for students I'm proficient at persian, xp, and operating systems ms dos.]
20275356, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from depaul university. As a General Ledger Accountant, And my major duty is Responsible for monthly billings to all Domestic hotels for various expenses paid by the parent company.. Reconcile outstanding unbilled balances and coordinate with appropriate individuals for the preparation of hotel allocations of the expenses paid on their behalf.. Complete monthly reconciliations and wires for various benefits accounts for all North America hotels as well as the Corporate Office.. Responsible for allocating costs and expenses to all departments and affiliates that benefit from the shared office functions of the Human Resources, Financial Systems Support, Dining Room and Computer Information Systems departments.. Accumulate the data and set up the cost allocation drivers of department headcount and department square footage to allocate the shared office functions' costs and expenses. I'm proficient at budgeting and forecasting, analytical skills, and hyperion.]
59818742, [I got my master of business administration in accounting accounting from . As a Account & Finance Executive, And my major duty is General Ledger scrutiny.. Looking after Purchase bills, checking and verification of bills.. Looking after sales, Preparing sales report on daily basis.. Checking and Verification of supplier, contractors and transporter bills.. Checking and verification of Expenditure bills.. Maintain Daily Stock.. Booking of Foreign inward Remittance and Buyer's Credit Payment Doing Audit on Monthly Basis.. Basic Finance Knowledge related to LC and Export Packing credit Limit.. Knowledge of Bank Guarantee and Buyer's credit.. Knowledge related to Forward contract.. Monthly payment of service tax, Tds and vat.. Prepare Direct and Indirect expenses statement for costing.. Management Accounting Preparing liabilities statements for provision of expenses.. Make Credit & Debit note.. Scrutiny of debtor's outstanding balance.. Preparing of Bank Reconciliation Statement Preparing of Monthly, Quarterly, and Yearly Sales Tax Return.. Preparing of Quarterly TDS Return.. Issue of TDS Certificate.. Done Forex Entry on daily basis.. Issue and Collect "C" form.. Finalization of Accounts/ Audit Assisting my senior while finalization of accounts and in preparing Profit & Loss accounts and Balance Sheet.. Hobbies Playing  cricket, Traveling Languages English Hindi Gujarati Achievements/ Extracurricular activities: From the summer project I have learned that how to actual processes are doing in the    manufacturing company and how to maintain a strong relationship with seniors and sub-ordinate in the corporate sector.. From the Grand project I have concluded that the thumb rule is shown the relation between risk and age is dependent to each other.. I have also got so many certificates, Medals and Cash prizes in Sports and Education at my college as well as school level. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and forms.]
72136463, [I got my bachelor of arts psychology   sociology in psychology   sociology from metropolitan state college. As a Bookkeeper / Office Manager, I worked from 01/1987 to 01/1993. And my major duty is Managed office operations and financial administration.. Initiated computer equipment purchases.. Computerized all phases of accounting and architectural specifications.. Developed Excel templates for billing, project costs, payroll, general ledger and financial reports.. Managed $400K-5OOK budget, payroll and taxes, W-2s/1099s, AP and AR, billing procedures, business correspondence, year-end income tax preparation, and project analyses. I'm proficient at make travel arrangements, advertising, and payroll.]
98513424, [I got my master of science   business administration in  from technical university. As a Internship in Office Management, I worked from Jun 2000 to Nov 2001. And my major duty is Responsible for managing the business correspondence, preparing sales agreements and providing customer accounting support. I'm proficient at business objects, sap bpc, and sharepoint.]
15717923, [I got my bachelor of commerce master of business administration in finance manonmaniam sundaranar university finance bachelor of commerce from kamaraj college of arts and science. As a Accounts Executive, I worked from 07/2005 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Handling Petty cash on daily basis. Preparation of journal vouchers and commission statement. General ledger Reconciliation. Sundry debtors and creditors Analysis. Preparation Bank reconciliation statement on month wise. Inter Branch reconciliations. Monitoring branch Accounts. Maintain Fixed Asset register. Making vendor payments Preparation of  all kinds of MIS Reports. Internal audit to branches. Cash flow and fund flow preparation. Making Journal entries TDS, Service Tax, ESI & P F.. Monthly Book close activities. Receipts Vs Payment Analysis I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and gl.]
24833063, [I got my bachelor of science in business in accounting and finance from kelley school of business   indiana university. As a Inventory and Supply Chain analyst, I worked from 01/2007 to 01/2009. And my major duty is IN, USA 2007 -To- 2009 A diversified multinational HVAC industry involved in manufacturing, engineering, supply energy efficient technologies and innovative products and services for heating air conditioning systems and oil & gas sectors. Worked as Inventory and Supply Chain analyst, reported to Purchase Manager.. Coordinated and managed flow of materials into, through and out of the manufacturing process.. Solved inventory issues in cross-functional and multicultural environment.. Prepared forecast analysis of more than USD 10 million of inventory.. Adopted strategies to improve material flow and cost reduction.. Managed inventory turnover to inventory supply level.. Posted all transactions into the system.. Prepare month end adjustments and entered into the system.. Reviewed manufacturing production goals.. Assisted management in launching pilot projects.. Analyzed variance reports on month end.. Executed audit plans for all supplier agreements, ensuring contract compliance.. Tracked supplier performance metrics relative to KPIs.. Provided ad hoc analysis and special projects as required.. Involved in conducting physical inventory to maintain 100% accuracy. Other Special Assignments:. Worked with buyers in transition of suppliers, and prepared comparison forecasted reports with actual production.. Generated budgeted and forecasted reports for a pilot project of ISD compressors.. Evaluated Inventory of more than one million dollar, and reduced inventory cost by 200K. I'm proficient at exploration, finance, and citrix.]
15792052, [I got my bachelors of arts   communications in communications from atlanta metropolitan college. As a Front Desk Receptionist, I worked from January 2007 to August 2007. And my major duty is Greet guests and patrons as they arrive Handle guest check-ins and check-outs appropriately Operate hotel switchboard, take calls and provide information and transfer calls Provide guests with room keys and call for bellboys Provide guests with directions around the hotel Balance cash at the end of the shift and generate accounting reports for the benefit of the next shift Professional work references available upon request. I'm proficient at processes, data entry, and home office.]
59450123, [I got my bachelor   s degree   accounting in accounting from lakeland college. As a General Manager, I worked from August 2002 to July 2004. And my major duty is Promoted to Regent Street McDonalds to improve its rating of F to an A.. In August 2002 Regent Street McDonalds had decreasing sales; its yearly net sales were $1.65 million.. In August 2003 its sales had an increase of 8%; by July 2004 it had another sales increase of 3%.. Supervised 40 new crewmembers and new nine managers.. Over saw hiring, training, and firing of employees.. Did annual reviews on all managers and supervised crewmembers' review.. Prepared yearly budgets, these budgets were reviewed and updated monthly. I'm proficient at finance, book, and firing.]
24611721, [I got my bachelor of arts   spanish communications in spanish communications from le moyne college. As a Case Manager/ Counselor, I worked from June 2009 to June 2011. And my major duty is In charge of 80+ cases for women and families in the homeless  shelter system.. In charge of interviewing clients and doing their admission assessment.. Worked closely with housing and employment specialists in helping clients obtain employment and permanent housing.. Worked with various staffing agencies for client recruitment (NY Staffing, Access Staffing, Work Force 1 etc).. Conducted all Employment Training and employment workshops.. Worked with Dress to Success to help clients dress properly for job interviews.. Responsible of overseeing specific investigative cases, particularly those with ACS cases or Domestic Violence.. Provided immediate crisis response services on call 24/7. Provided crisis avoidance management and training.. Interpret legal documents; wrote reports, reference letters and professional correspondence for clients. I'm proficient at e mail, benefits, and publisher.]
15224503, [I got my business administration   dec      series   and series in accounting from pace university. As a Intermediate Accountant - Account Executive Compensation Dept, I worked from May 1989 to September 1997. And my major duty is Generated and analyzed gross commission revenue reports for senior management. Was responsible for calculation of Branch Manager Incentive Compensation (MIC). Monthly analysis of general ledger entries to identify and resolve variances from preceding months. Administered the organization of a complete procedures manual for the department I'm proficient at business objects, gl, and finance.]
27409087, [I got my post graduate diploma in accountancy in accounting from tanzania institute of accountancy. As a Trainee, I worked from August 2008 to June 2009. And my major duty is Duties and Responsibilities:. Prepare payments. Prepare regular reports on revenue, expenditure and tax returns;. maintain and reconcile the direct debits accounts in the systems;. Prepare invoice and bills;. Prepare bank reconciliation statements;. Disburse cash and cheque payments;. Post transactions in a computerized accounting system;. Reconcile debtors and creditors records I'm proficient at data entry, exchange rate control, and sage pastel.]
20918464, [I got my m   com   master of commerce in commerce from karpagam university college. As a Assistant accounts clerck/Document Controller, I worked from Jan 2008 to Jan 2010. And my major duty is In charge in the recording filling personal data of every staffs in the Bank Maintenance of accounts file, ensuring accuracy and completeness Managing all type of files Handling petty cash book Covered all type of concerned duties include data entry Bank reconciliation, debtors and creditors reconciliation Review of accounts and statements periodically Prepared supporting documentation for auditing whenever customers or auditors required. I'm proficient at payables, book, and office administration.]
19540089, [I got my master of accountancy in accounting from . As a Marketing Manager, I worked from Jan 1998 to Jan 2000. And my major duty is Shanghai, China. Attained sales of 1.3 million US dollars in year 1999 and helped company establishing and growing profitable business. Developed strategic marketing planning, created new markets and expanded customers base. Led the projects from initiating relationship with customer, developed the project with IT team through the end of project completion. I'm proficient at six sigma trained, gaap, and energized and motivated.]
28724469, [I got my bachelors   business and finance in business and finance from devry university. As a Community Manager, I worked from 01/2000 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Coordinated the completion of a $4.3 million property renovation with a 90% occupancy rate.. Hired and trained new employees in Section 42,8 and 236 housing laws Completed critical first year files of a 176 unit section 42 program.. Worked as a floating manager on a number of section 42 properties.. Supervised 14 employees, scheduled work hours, resolved conflicts, and determined salaries.. Collected and kept careful records of rental payments.. Oversaw budgeting process for 3 assigned properties.. Monitored and documented all income, including delinquencies.. Managed all day-to-day activities involving tenants, subcontractors and property management.. Compiled and conveyed all operational and financial data to the regional manager. I'm proficient at websites, forms, and taxes.]
18636651, [I got my bba   finance and accounting in finance and accounting from st edwards university. As a Controller, I worked from 08/1988 to 09/1997. And my major duty is Managed the full Accounting and Finance function including all aspects of reporting, analysis, budgeting and project accounting and management. Negotiated and reviewed business contracts and financial models with profitability and financial success in mind. Led the modeling, planning and execution of all financial processes. Created detailed financial models and analytical tools to facilitate variance analysis. Implemented effective risk management program, human resource development and management including company retirement program, company policy development and management, and administrative management. Evaluated, analyzed and implemented new accounting software system. I'm proficient at financial reporting and analysis, organizational development, and salesforce.]
59777056, [I got my bachelor of science in biblical studies from business administration. As a Quality Control Specialist -Compliance Coordinator, I worked from March 2006 to June 2009. And my major duty is Reviewed and monitored mortgage loan files for completeness and accuracy. (~100 files monthly). Helped to transition company from paper to electronic storage by scanning and logging hard copies to file.. Data entry of new and set to close file submissions.. Held quarterly update meetings on company policy & procedures.. Trained newly hired processors on databases and procedures.. Assisted with company policy and procedure manual; coordinated with FDIC representative with internal company policies associated with the Fair Lending Act. I'm proficient at office, proficient in microsoft office suite applications windows word excel powerpoint outlook, and administration.]
22492537, [I got my business administration bachelor   s degree in business administration from university of phoenix. As a Senior Buyer	/ Accounting Assistant, I worked from January 1987 to January 2003. And my major duty is Served as high-level support to General Manager/Production Manager of manufacturer of packaging products and corrugated displays with over $12 million in annual revenue.. Performed a variety of key vendor relations functions, such as, pricing strategies, improved communication skills, and enhanced quality.. Developed spreadsheets to improve and inform quality and initiated quarterly supplier meetings.. Prepared meeting agendas and carefully monitor all action items.. Reduced inventory by 55% through negotiations with our suppliers.. Maintained packaging inventory that resulted in a cost savings of 20% overall.. Created extensive Excel forecasting analysis spreadsheets.. Coordinated and managed vendor meetings and internal quality improvement teams (ISO 9000 Purchasing Leader).. Developed presentations and created Excel graphs and reports for meetings.. Coordinated and organized the company picnics and special events. I'm proficient at quality improvement, sales, and production manager.]
24967652, [I got my bachelor of science   organizational management in organizational management from . As a Manager, I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Ensured a high level of customer service through staff development, increasing employee morale and retention, leading my staff of 30 by example.. Scheduling and financial review.. Monitored compliance with health and fire regulations regarding food preparation, serving and building maintenance.. Organized and directed staff training, resolved personnel issues, hired new staff, and evaluated employee performance.. Monitored food preparation, size of portions, garnishing and presentation of food to ensure food is prepared and presented to highest quality and satisfaction.. Investigated and resolved complaints regarding food quality and service.. Assisted with planning menus and food preparations based on anticipated number of guests, palatability, popularity, and costs.. Assisted with creating specialty dishes for daily specials.. Kept records required by government agencies regarding sanitation and food subsidies where indicated.. Bartending, coordinating special events for large parties and catering. I'm proficient at websites, insurance, and government.]
24533931, [I got my business administration in business administration from south louisiana community college. As a Cashier/Sales Associate, I worked from May 2014 to Aug 2015. And my major duty is Assisting customers in finding what they need, recovering sales floor and keeping the store clean and organize so the shoppers can have a better and easier shopping experience. Make customer purchases and/or returns I'm proficient at sales, adaptability, and communication.]
21807211, [I got my ba   applied behavioral science sociology in applied behavioral science sociology from ashford university. As a Inventory Specialist, And my major duty is Organized and coded all documents related to due diligence for acquisitions.. Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.. Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.. Reviewed and provided comments on the adequacy of documents and took necessary steps to cure any deficiencies.. ​. ​ I'm proficient at excellent planner and coordinator microsoft excel certified works well under pressure conference planning pleasant demeanor multi line phone proficiency appointment setting invoice processing microsoft word team building microsoft visio atlas microsoft powerpoint adobe x pro smartplant materials mmis system microsoft outlook phoenix deadline driven osha standards, logistics, and sales.]
71767359, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology in sociology from university of oregon city. As a Assistant Buyer, I worked from Jan 1996 to Jan 1997. And my major duty is Clerical to buying departments Update reporting for buyers of women's, coats, cosmetics Work on claims for vendors on returned merchandise Visit stores Merchandise floors to improve sale opportunities based off reporting's Sku volume buyer 1600 (covering women's apparel, cosmetics) 7 million annually. I'm proficient at leadership, advertisements, and organized.]
27694040, [I got my bachelor of science   applied management applied management      university of california city   state bachelor of science   business administration business administration in  from university of california city. As a Apparel Production Manager, And my major duty is Coordinated with other offices to ensure consistency in apparel production.. Set monthly production quotas and tracked production in real-time.. Oversaw inventory of fabric and related supplies.. Prepared sales samples per client requests. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, sales, and clients.]
15535408, [I got my high school in high school from penn foster. As a Sales Consultant, I worked from December 2013 to January 2014. And my major duty is Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash     register.Operated a cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with 100% accuracy.Priced     merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies.. Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.Alerted customers to upcoming     sales events and promotions.Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items.Educated     customers about the brand to incite excitement about the company\'s mission and values.Used time efficiently     when not serving customers, including cleaning and dusting displays.Worked with the management team to     implement the proper division of responsibilities.Answered customer telephone calls promptly and in an     appropriate manner.Determined customer needs by asking relevant questions and listening actively to the     responses. I'm proficient at problem solver, supervisor, and sales.]
13386301, [I got my bachelor of arts in graphic arts   business from loyola university. As a Owner/ Designer/ Wholesaler/ High End Children's Apparel, And my major duty is Turned a $2000 investment into a 1.8 million dollar business within 5 years of inception. Concurrently operated 2 retail locations, manufacturing facility. Successfully maintained, developed a loyal client following with exponential growth. Designed, produced, wholesaled a private label collection with margins of 70% and higher. Managed a staff of 48. Hired, trained staff to meet the business needs. Developed and maintained strong vendor relations. Recognized, introduced new designers into the market. Recruited and maintained a loyal and highly motivated staff with a turnover of 10% or less. Developed, maintained strong ties in the community by  partnering in charity activities. Sold business profitably in 2007 I'm proficient at managing and measuring work, ability to quickly adapt to changing markets, and problem solving.]
27091280, [I got my associate of applied science in graphic arts from robert morris college. As a General manager, I worked from September 2001 to November 2005. And my major duty is Oversaw the business which included sales and ordering product.. Placed weekly orders ranging from 60,000 to 259,000 in product.. Oversaw the books and accountspayable.. Met with product executives to make sure product was to quality.. Dealt with customer issues and concerns.. Managed 8 route drivers and made sure they serviced their stores weekly and biweekly as needed.. Over saw that sale drivers where continuously opening new accounts.. Oversaw warehouse was stocked and kept organized and maintained.. Took care that orders where shipped out of our Chicago Warehouse.. Visited plant to make sure product was according to our standards and of great quality.. Oversaw vehicles where up to date with codes and all necessary city requirements.. Dealt with dealerships to renew and buy new vehicles.. Kept database records of sales per week, month and year.. Worked with an accountant to put all monies in place. I'm proficient at direction, receiving, and closing.]
14413257, [I got my bachelor of arts in fine arts art design from hebert h   lehman college. As a Graphic Designer, I worked from 10/1998 to 02/2002. And my major duty is Designed graphics for boys and girls screen tees, embroideries & appliquész · Conceptualized & illustrated for packaging, labels & hangtags · Sourced & supervised for offset & digital printing · Design licensed and private label art for boys tops and allover prints for bottoms.. Translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.. Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.. Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach. I'm proficient at book, d max, and css.]
11677077, [I got my high school in mentoring children from henry county high school. As a Cashier, I worked from August 2012 to August 2013. And my major duty is Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using 	calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.. Greet customers entering establishments.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.. Process merchandise returns and exchanges.. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are 	correct and that there is adequate change.. Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.. Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they 	are staffed appropriately.. Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items.. Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins.. Compute and record totals of transactions.. Compile and maintain non-monetary reports and records.. Weigh items sold by weight to determine prices.. Cash checks for customers. I'm proficient at checks and money, sales, and debit.]
29521434, [I got my associate of arts in early childhood education   english second language currently finishing up first year of college   majoring in early childhood education   english second language from chandler gilbert community college. As a Care-giver, And my major duty is Read stories to the children and taught them painting, drawing and crafts.. Employed a variety of materials for children to explore and manipulate in learning activities and imaginative play.. Carefully monitored children's play activities.. Offered detailed daily reports that outlined each child's activities.. Incorporated music and art activities to encourage creativity and expression. I'm proficient at leadership, critical thinking, and adaptability.]
50324968, [I got my bba   marketing in statistics from depaul university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, bilingual english and spanish, and intermediate knowledge in microsoft word.]
13764840, [I got my bachelor of arts   strategic communications in strategic communications from elon university. As a Assistant Planner, Women's Shoes, And my major duty is Determined and executed replenishment allocation strategies to maintain healthy stock levels for over 500 individual stores. Worked with vendors on securing additional inventory to drive sales I'm proficient at microsoft word, microsoft excel, and microsoft powerpoint.]
19070271, [I got my h   s in electrical safety from west deptford high. As a Warehouse Associate, I worked from 01/2010 to 06/2011. And my major duty is Perform general warehouse duties pertaining to open stock.. Use of RF handheld scanner.. Picking. Packing I'm proficient at buschman unisort iv, and controls, and buschman accuglide.]
56151548, [I got my b   b   a   management   may      university of turabo   ut   suagm   city   state management b   a   journalism in journalism from university of turabo   ut   suagm   city   state management b   a   journalism   may      universidad del sagrado corazon. As a General Manager and Partner, I worked from May 2002 to January 2004. And my major duty is Responsible for daily operation and restructuring of tasks throughout the day.. Assisting with day-to-day HR related questions.. Provided leadership, direction and new strategies process to staff through hands on operational management.. Recruited, hired, trained and retained high quality select employees.. Developed new strategies to control inventory and reduce inventory shortages.. Planned special events and parties in accordance to the company policies and the client's needs.. Coordinated meeting with new clients and vendors to ensure that the daily tasks are on schedule.. Managed and set operating budget, followed-up on daily operating numbers. I'm proficient at leadership, direction, and staffing.]
16391949, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts from broward college. As a Cashier, I worked from 11/2015 to Current. And my major duty is Assessed customer needs and responded to questions.. Cleaned and straightened work area.. Issued receipts for purchases and gifts.. Bagged merchandise by following standard procedures.. Organized register supplies.. Worked with customer service to resolve issues.. Unboxed new merchandise.. Worked overtime shifts during busy periods.. Designed displays to make the store experience interactive and engaging.. Displayed the appropriate signage for products and sales promotions.. Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of the store for optimal sales. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
13418452, [I got my associate degree   networking technology in networking technology from bucks county community college. As a PC\LAN Support Specialist, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Configured and troubleshot Internet connectivity and network related issues via TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, and SMTP on Windows machines Trained new employees on how to install, configure, and troubleshoot customer equipment.. Familiar with trouble ticketing system (Magic) in support of tracking customer problems and corrections.. Serviced, configured, upgraded, and repaired Compaq and HP computer equipment.. Supported Office 97/2000/XP, Outlook 97/98/2000, Adobe Acrobat, Internet Explorer, IBM AS400 Client Access and other end user "shrink wrap" applications along with many homegrown applications.. Instructed remote users on how to configure their machines for remote access use, and supported VPN for remote access.. Handled remote access issues such as connectivity, modem, and token authentication issues.. Familiar with HP Print Server Appliances and HP Jet Admin Created required Domain, Email and Novell user accounts KIX scripting Lead tech on Novell migration to Windows servers Managed  Moves/Adds/Changes of  Customers and hardware Worked with Symantec Ghost to perform larger roll outs and create a company-wide standard image Worked with Remote Control Software such as DameWare Utilities and VNC Viewer.. Installed, configured and supported blackberry's Performed file restores and system backups using CA ArcServe. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and ibm.]
27099856, [I got my bba in design and management from parson   s school of design. As a Office Manager, I worked from May 2004 to February 2006. And my major duty is Managed day-to-day operations of 45-person office (calendar management, phone support, petty cash, records organization). Provided administrative support for five executives including: President, COO, and Senior Vice President ·. Provided support for offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Orange County ·. Created and maintained budget for office. I'm proficient at sage, costing and vendor negotiations, and trim hardware development.]
26046878, [I got my  in marketing from university of nebraska. As a Senior Communications Consultant, I worked from February 2006 to June 2008. And my major duty is Provided immediate supervision to a group of employees, assigning tasks, checking work at periodic intervals and maintaining schedules. Possessed the enthusiasm necessary to motivate a dedicated sales team to meet and exceed sales objective while maintaining a competitive and fun work environment. Responsible for all operations of a Sprint Nextel retail store. Familiar with all aspects of wireless retail including hiring, scheduling, training, marketing, loss prevention, team leadership and keeping up to date with all local competitor services. Primary point of contact for all employees of the retail store as well as the customer requiring extra attention. To achieve sales goals, led team in inside sales, outside events, and outbound marketing. Developed a team approach to problem-solving, encouraged personal development in their employees, and led by example. Responsibilities also included ensuring that all employees are trained and up-to-date on the features and operation of all equipment and accessories. Worked as a member of the management team in a high traffic retail environment. Created outbound sales and marketing presentations for prospective business clients. Awarded Service Star Award for providing excellent customer service. Performed opening and closing retail duties including reconciliation of cash tills. I'm proficient at mvp, sales goals, and training.]
35121930, [I got my bachelors of social work in social work from central new mexico community college. As a Certified Level 2 Trainer, And my major duty is Responsible for training new hires and employees from other areas on equipment.. Responsible for maintaining Gas equipment that entailed mechanical adjustments ensuring proper alignments and handing of the wafers.. Performed test procedures on Wet Etch benches to qualify that the correct amount of chemicals was used.. Inspected wafers for any defects and incorrect die yield to make certain that quality product was coming out of the tools. I'm proficient at clients, money, and fashion.]
10182582, [I got my marketing in marketing from virginia union university. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 07/2008 to now.And my major duty is Greeted customers in a timely fashion while quickly determining their needs.. Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.. Contributed to team success by exceeding team sales goals.. Operate cash register and receives payment from customer in cash or debit Participated in physical inventory counts. I'm proficient at sales, debit, and customer service.]
12669075, [I got my liberal arts in liberal arts from hudson county community college high school diploma   liberal arts city   state   us hudson county community college. As a LOGISTICS & CUSTOMER SERVICE COORDINATOR, I worked from September 2002 to July 2005. And my major duty is ◆Oversee front-office operations and provide impeccable customer service. Key contact for all vendor requirement assurance.. Sales liaison to ensure shipments were executed in timely manner and while assuring quality control. Reviewed all contracts and proposals. Management of all meeting and event logistics and planning.. Transmissions of all EDI documents and order processing.. Accounting:. Invoicing. Creation/maintenance of excel spreadsheets for budgeting and inventory purposes.. Chargeback's. Inventory Management. Shipping Management:. Assurance of delivery deadlines.Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.Properly routed agreements, contracts and invoices through the signature process.Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists.Verification of vendor specification compliance.  Responsible for generating style's and color codes in style master. Oversaw call center operations and staff.. Highest level of care for resolving customer inquiries/complaints.. Expense reporting and tracking for CSC as well as inventory controller for all Ralph Lauren Divisions.. Management of all meeting and event logistics and planning I'm proficient at bi, csc, and liaison.]
16915389, [I got my bachelor of arts in painting from university of colorado. As a Sweater Production Coordinator, I worked from January 1990 to May 1994. And my major duty is Responsible for research, design, and development of Missy sweater line. Provided design expertise that reflected trends, while focusing on key details that made them work for a broader audience. Communicated with international factories on a daily basis to provide sample comments through all stages of the development process. Created color and seasonal trend analysis, concept ideas, silhouettes, presentation and mood boards.. . ]
12668625, [I got my high school diploma in high school from oldham county high school. As a Apparel and Jewelry Associate and Cashier, I worked from 04/2013 to 01/2015. And my major duty is My responsibilities as a apparel associate at Wal-Mart included cleaning up apparel; folding clothes, watching over the fitting rooms, answering the telephone, putting out new merchandise, using handhelds to find out where products are, or if they are in stock.. As a cashier at Wal-Mart my responsibilities included customer service, making sure my register was always clean and ready for my next customer.. While I was in apparel I was also working the Jewelry Counter, my responsibilities included were making sure the cases were locked, making jewelry sales, learning how to put items on lay-a-way, and making sure the count on merchandise was correct.. Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs.. Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.. Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.. Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.. Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.. Prepare sales slips or sales contracts.. Help customers try on or fit merchandise.. Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits.. Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental.. Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts, and know how to prevent or handle these situations.. Inventory stock and requisition new stock.. Ticket, arrange and display merchandise to promote sales. I'm proficient at speak english and learning asl, communication skills, and customer service.]
14698557, [I got my associate of science in biology from florida international university. As a Apparel Manager, I worked from 09/1998 to now.And my major duty is Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints.. Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.. Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands.. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.. Wrote order supply requests to replenish merchandise.. Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service.. Contributed to merchandising ideas at team sale meetings. I'm proficient at coaching, sales, and visual merchandising.]
27549075, [I got my b   s   criminal justice in criminal justice from university of west georgia. As a Sales Manager, I worked from August 1999 to February 2003.  I'm proficient at staffing, microsoft word, and spreadsheet development.]
31225895, [I got my associate of science   nursing in nursing from queensborough community college city. As a Sales Associate Supervisor, I worked from 07/2005 to now.And my major duty is Trained and directed new personnel to operate the cash reigisters, scanners, and computers, store re-stocking, floor displays and daily procedures in the stores' fast paced, busy environment.. Balanced cash registers at the end of each persons shift.. Courteously greeted clients and interacted with them, explained sales promotions and encourage special purchases.. Guided cashiers through returns and exchange processes as required.. Opened and closed the store on weekends to relive the manager.. Promoted to corporate office position stated above as Famous Horse Co. ]
15479281, [I got my bachelor of arts in international studies from queen   s university. As a Media Manager, I worked from Oct 2017 to Current. And my major duty is Manage media inquiries and interview requests.. Create content for press releases, byline articles and keynote presentations.. Build relationships with thought leaders to grow industry awareness.. Manager social media accounts with over 6 million followers total.. Work with celebrities and stylists to increase revenue.. Monitor SEO and web traffic metrics.. Communicate with followers, respond to queries in a timely manner and monitor customer reviews.. Stay up-to-date with current technologies and trends in social media, design tools and applications.. Design and implement social media strategy to align with business goals.. Set specific objectives and report on ROI. I'm proficient at sales, adobe, and press releases.]
26691587, [I got my no degree in high school from wayne county community college district. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Handled guest complaints and promoted positive dining experience for all restaurant customers by maintaining pleasant attitude in all situations.. Answered customers' questions about hours, seating, current wait time and other information.. Consistently received positive feedback from guests and created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with customers.. Accommodated guests with children and special needs to promote comfortable dining experience.And my major duty is Recommended merchandise to customers based on needs and preferences.. Observed customer behaviors to identify security threats and escalate concerns to supervisors.. Maintained visually appealing and effective displays for entire store to drive sustained revenue and move target products.. Helped customers sign up for loyalty programs and submitted completed paperwork.. Used register system to ring up customer purchases, process payments and issue receipts.. Met or exceeded upselling, donation and credit card sign-up targets on consistent basis by leveraging excellent communication and interpersonal strengths.. Performed floor moves, merchandising, display maintenance and housekeeping to keep sales areas well-stocked, organized and current.And my major duty is Cleared table and bussed dishes to allow for quick setups.. Stocked server areas with supplies before, during and after shifts.. Maintained accuracy while handling payments, giving change and printing receipts to customers.. Resolved customer concerns with friendly and knowledgeable service.. Welcomed guests with personable attitude and brought beverage orders while reviewing menu options.. Developed strong and lasting resident relationships.And my major duty is Performed light housekeeping duties, such as preparing nutritious meals, cleaning laundry, tidying bedrooms, dusting and sanitizing play areas.. Engaged with children to create nurturing, safe environments to promote emotional, social and intellectual growth.. Prepared snacks and meals, scheduled and coordinated projects and reinforced appropriate discipline for children according to parents' specifications.. Aided with bathing, dressing, teeth brushing and diapering to promote healthy personal hygiene and good oral health.. Kept parents' contact information, emergency services phone number and child's health history on hand in case of emergency situations. I'm proficient at work ethic, team management, and first aid and cpr certified.]
11232471, [I got my general studies in general studies from mount everett regional high school. As a Nike Brand Coordinator, I worked from October 2005 to December 2006. And my major duty is Encompassed the Nike brand image, ensuring the highest standards of visual presentation at all times.. Introduced new product lines by highlighting features and benefits.. Coached and inspired store associates to maintain the Nike retail presence.. Increased profitability of sales on an average of 4% yearly. I'm proficient at proficient in opening and closing store procedures, master at executing and enhancing game plans, and including cash office execution.]
21007083, [I got my associate of science   photography in photography from antonelli institute of art and photography. As a Photographer, I worked from October 2012 to May 2013. And my major duty is Editorial and product photographr.. E-commerce and print.. Cropped, manipulated and performed color-balance for final images. I'm proficient at great with creative problem solving, capture one, and desktop publishing software photoshop.]
20905088, [I got my master of business of administration in management from delta state university. As a Chief Industrial Engineer/ Manager of R&D, I worked from Jan 1991 to Dec 2002. And my major duty is Project installation installation through mechanical, electrical, and OSHA related safety standards.. Manage the supply chain to ensure effective and accurate operation to prevent bottlenecks and production delays.. Product Development to establish equipment requirements for new production and forecasting productive capacity of domestic and international production also including product pre-costing and load analysis.. Negotiating contractual process with suppliers on various raw material and replacement parts for domestic and international operation to ensure projects cost are controlled and maintained and the ongoing performance of the projects result are maintained.. Resovling customer relation issues in product design, and quality for both internal and external customers ensuring customer continued satisfaction.. Managing production process and insure that production line were set up correctly to meet customer delivery specification and production line demands.. Responible for programing of PLC equipment and on various different pieces of equipment, and ensures that Mexico personal was trained to operate equipment.. Warehouse management responible for all function and the logistics on domestic shipping including development of a pick and pack operation for the outlet store operation.. Working with all departments in pinpointing potential problems and determining the best potential solution to the problems, as well as overseeing the implementation of the solution.. Project management on the installation of  quality control, ergonomic issues, personnel training and retraining programs to improve the process reducing operating cost and improve customer satisfaction.. Project Development and installation of inventory system that reduced yearly expenditures by $500,000 and on hand inventory by $750,000.. Re-engineering of a 100,000 square foot finishing and distribution operation into a team/group operation, which resulted in decrease in cost $3,120,000 per year. I'm proficient at negotiation skills, management, and mircosoft office.]
16723524, [I got my masters   engineering management in engineering management from gujarat university india textile technology. As a Trainee engineer, I worked from Jun 2006 to Dec 2006. And my major duty is Role and Responsibilities:.. Garment training: Received 3 month hardcore training for, stitching of bottom wear PPC, Quality Control sys.And my major duty is Supply chain planner & Quality control          May 2015- Cont Role and Responsibilities: Supplier selection and evaluation.. Manage supplier analysis and selection processes including total cost evaluations.. Evaluate suppliers through performance measurements and develop supplier.. Secures and analyzes quotations, negotiates prices and terms with suppliers, and recommends suppliers with respect to cost, quality and delivery competitiveness for assigned responsibilities.. Communicate to supplier and assists in the resolution of production, design, quality and/or delivery problems.. Planning.. Coordinates the planning of recent schedules and inventory control parameters for the assigned products and services.. Managing inventory at sku level and reconcile every quarterly basis.. Conducting monthly forecasting and weekly stock replenishment guidance for individual products to make sure products are available within expected lead time to customer.. Supply chain management.. Review and finalize purchase order in SAP.. Expedite purchase order to meet delivery date.. Managed procurement business data system input and integrity, and created bills of materials (BOM) and parts and commodities numbers in company supply chain management.. Give final build qty to suppliers and schedule inspection on their facility for improvement and maintain the quality.. Developing quality standards to be followed by vendors.. Map current process and propose improved process for the better quality within our facility.. Issue charge back to supplier if production or sample do not match with approval/standard.. Prepare inspection report for each vendor and discuss with vendors.. Select and set up third party inspection to inspect apparels while they are ready to ship from supplier. I'm proficient at processes, drawing, and macros.]
14937492, [I got my bachelor of arts in international business from salem college. As a Exports Specialist, And my major duty is Managed the daily execution of export documentation activities for shipments going to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean.. Directed, prepared and audited data on all documentation (internal cost, pricing, inventory and purchasing) ensuring compliance with U.S and foreign customs. I'm proficient at personnel recruiting training, process improvement creation, and strategic tactical planning.]
72807293, [I got my b   s   business administration in business administration from eastern nazarene college. As a Executive Assistant, And my major duty is Sr.. Managing Partner/Corporate Law.. Assisted Sr.. Managing Partner with managing the business.. Interviewed prospective personnel; managed monthly client billing and scheduling. I'm proficient at ma, processes, and streamline.]
30344127, [I got my bs   metallurgy and materials engineering in metallurgy and materials engineering from colorado school of mines. As a Project Coordinator, And my major duty is Created contracts and change orders using AIA software for multiple jobs; organized job files and bid files; called subcontractors regarding billing, project bids, and various other issues. I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and x ray.]
23719943, [I got my bachelor of science   textile design in textile design from syracuse university. As a Home Textiles Account Manager, And my major duty is Managed development process from design to implementation- home décor, candles, seasonal products, domestics, and home textiles.. Worked with the overseas factories to sample, negotiate price and package the line items for sale.. Worked with buyers in development and offshore sourcing for seasonal programs.. Presented and merchandised plan-o-gram with Buyer for seasonal programs and end caps.. Worked with the designers on creating bedding, and window treatments tocreate a mix and match line.. Responsible for executing key strategies for all projects, while creating mood boards to aid buyers.. Managed a team of 4 Assistants. I'm proficient at adobe creative suites illustrator, microsoft office excel, and easy knit.]
58208591, [I got my associate of arts   office systems technology in office systems technology from horry georgetown technical college. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.. Processed and issued money orders for customers.. Compiled weekly monetary reports and records for store managers.. Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.. Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing a high level      of customer service.. Communicated all merchandise needs or issues to appropriate supervisors.. Stocked and rotated inventory regularly.. Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all           equipment for proper functioning.. Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.. Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom.. Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.. Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.. Performed all duties as a Customer Service Representative.. Completed daily banking.. Troubleshooted daily closeout and shift sales analysis.. Developed daily/weekly work schedules.. Finalized time keeping.. Performed the functions of the Store Manager in his/her absence.. Performed other duties as assigned by the Store Manager or Market Manager.. Guided inventory preparation           Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.. Trained and directed all customer service representatives assigned to the store.. Provided prompt, courteous resolution to employee and customer issues.. Prepared and transmitted daily bookkeeping, gasoline and invoicing data.. Participated in the hiring process.. Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level           standards.. Conducted performance and disciplinary discussions in the Managers absence.. Tracked down sources of special products and services to meet customers' special           needs.. Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.. Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. I'm proficient at office administration, closing, and results oriented mail management.]
15154822, [I got my licenciada en diseno textil e indumentaria in  from central saint martins city college   disenador de producto e imagen en indumentaria      ort argentina city   arg   tecnico superior   en marketing de moda      inti   emilia romangna argentina college   licenciada en diseno textil e indumentaria      universidad de palermo argentina. As a Personal Asistance, I worked from 01/1999 to 12/2002. And my major duty is Produced documents, briefing papers, reports and presentations.. Organising and attending meetings and ensuring the manager is well prepared for meetings. I'm proficient at photoshop corel draw illustraitor microsoft office.]
46514339, [I got my associate of arts   business administration in business administration from mount olive college   city. As a Office Adminitrator, I worked from April 2015 to July 2015. And my major duty is Planned and executed [project].Effectively controlled the release of proprietary and confidential information for general client lists.Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.. Conducted analysis to address [issue] which led to [positive outcome].Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis. I'm proficient at sales manager, forms, and benefits.]
11409460, [I got my bachelor of science   petroleum engineering in petroleum engineering from texas a   m university. As a Warehouse Executive, I worked from February 2011 to January 2015. And my major duty is Represented the Operations Group in receiving all Inventories from Vendor deliveries.. Participated in joint receiving and inspection of all Shipyard Spare Parts deliveries and liaise closely with the Procurement Team on scheduled deliveries.. Utilized Maximo system to electronically track inventory flow, bin storage, and reconcile inventory.. Ensured Warehouse was kept in a safe and efficient manner with Inventory properly labeled and sorted for easy identification and picking.. Supervised periodic stock-take and conducted investigation for any discrepancies.. Carried out the daily issuance of Tools & Inventory to shipyard personnel base on Inventory requests and Work Orders.. Monitored Stock Levels and reordered Inventory when low.. Ensured Inventory is stored in accordance with best practices and chemical storage complies with GHS Classification. I'm proficient at strategy planning, receiving, and functional.]
99806115, [I got my high school diploma in high school from clifton high school. As a Host, I worked from Jul 2020 to Aug 2020. And my major duty is Supported serving staff, food runners and bussers to keep dining room presentable and ready for guests.. Scheduled reservations and notified servers and managers of large groups to prepare seating in advance.. Greeted guests and gathered information to seat groups or place on waitlist.. Escorted guests to seating area, furnished menus and highlighted daily specials to promote positive experience.. Accommodated guests with children and special needs to promote comfortable dining experience.. Monitored dining area to assess server capacity and estimate wait times.. Stayed abreast of server availability and table turnover to make quick decisions about seating locations. I'm proficient at leadership, cash counting machine operations, and tagging expertise.]
29640922, [I got my fashion designer in fashion design from ryerson university. As a Womens Apparel Color Analyst, And my major duty is Evaluation of seasonal colours for all Sears brands (Nevada, Jessica, Jessica Sport, Tradition, Together, Attitude, La Redoute and Somewhere) using instrumental color measurement and visual evaluation.. Creating Labels/Hang tags & Logos documents for internal distribution.. Communicating with Colour standard Supplier-Archroma (Div.. of Clariant) and Pantone.. Data entry used for Quarterly Metrics. I'm proficient at leadership, consulting, and processes.]
12860543, [I got my bachelor of fine arts   industrial design college of creative studies detroit   city   state   us college of creative studies detroit   mi degree   bachelor of fine arts in industrial design in industrial design from college of creative studies. As a Product Designer (contract), And my major duty is Worked with creative team to develop ideas and create concept sketches for new products. Clients included Binney & Smith (Crayola), Fisher Price, and Icuiti. I'm proficient at engineer, pro engineer, and collections.]
29764492, [I got my associate of science in apparel design from fashion institute of technology. As a Associate /Assistant Designer, I worked from 02/1995 to 04/2000. And my major duty is Developed prototype designs for broad range of products within design portfolio.. Teamed on development of inspiration boards, sample material collections and color selection for upcoming product design.. Highly skilled using hand drawing, Sketch Up and Illustrator to develop concept boards.. Delivered highly innovative concepts under stringent deadlines.. Prepared concept boards and mock ups of form and color.. Prepared and managed presentation walls covering seasonal lines.. Fabricated sample garments for review by senior design staff. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, superb eye for detail, and pattern making.]
91533580, [I got my bachelors degree   business management and accounting in business management and accounting from uvt college of economics. As a Department Assistant Manager, I worked from January 1990 to January 1991. And my major duty is Coats, Suits, Dresses and Lingerie Responsible for training and developing a staff of 20+ sales associates Increase and achieve sales goals trough developing sales techniques and maintaining superior customer service Supervised department operations and provided direction including visual presentation and standards Developed weekly schedule and managed payroll Coordinated in-store special events. I'm proficient at leadership, performance appraisals, and processes.]
13807808, [I got my fashion design in fashion design from fashion institute of design   merchandising city. As a Assistant Graphic Designer, I worked from 07/2013 to 06/2014.  I'm proficient at product development, computer aided design cad, and excellent work ethic.]
16605640, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration albright college   city   state business administration january      master of science in business administration from albright college   city   state business administration january      master of science fall      associate of liberal studies montgomery county community college. As a ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, And my major duty is Performed all front desk receptionist operations, including answering phones and scheduling appointments.. Organized small office filing system to better match newer insurance reimbursement procedures.. Submitted insurance reimbursement forms for office as well as patients.. Provided customers with reminder calls for routine check up scheduling.. Kept office and waiting area tidy and welcoming to reduce patient tension while waiting. I'm proficient at book, insurance, and forms.]
17714174, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from florida state university. As a Business Manager/Sales Manager, I worked from 09/2006 to 03/2009. And my major duty is Conducted job performance reviews, manage staff and personnel issues, supervised customer service and directly responsible for meeting and exceeding personal and team sales goals as set forth by Store Management.. Managed the orientation and development of all Cosmetic Consultants to ensure increased brand awareness, productivity and sales.. Fully responsible for recruiting and interviewing potential candidates based on hiring criteria.. Organized special events / tradeshows and reached out to outside businesses to increase revenue.. Conducted product demonstrations and presentations. I'm proficient at finance, websites, and processes.]
28998957, [I got my bachelor of science in information systems from massasoit community college. As a Marketing Budget Forecast and Circulation Analyst, I worked from 01/2002 to now.And my major duty is Developed technology efficiencies to track and forecast weekly sales, demand expectations, inventory levels and resource planning to generate catalog profitability.. Comprehensive data mining, customer segmentation and statistical analysis to produce catalog mailings.. Analyzed customer performance and target promotions catalog vs.. e-com sales to generate sale profitability.. Forecasted weekly and total program sales by catalog using historical data.. Analyzed click through rates, bounce tracking, abandon rates, and event driven emails to understand user Internet behavior.. Optimized to strengthened Customer File Master and recommend changes to marketing plans to improve the business sales. I'm proficient at sharepoint, citrix, and inventory levels.]
71499299, [I got my mortgage loan originator in mortgage loan originator from mortgage loan originator capstone institute. As a HUMAN RESOURCES/OFFICE MANAGER, I worked from May 1997 to August 1998. And my major duty is Managed all aspects of  production payroll for all 100 employees.. All Clerical Duties, such as but not limited to filing, typing, answering all phone lines, handling employee disputes, shipping, receiving and accounts payable.. Managed and filed any unemployment claims for all employees. I'm proficient at calyx point los, powerpoint and publisher, and efficient in microsoft word.]
30430249, [I got my general studies in general studies from phoenix sr   high. As a DEPARTMENT SUPERVISOR Oct, I worked from 01/1995 to 01/1996. And my major duty is Responsibilities included management of "Kids Corner" "Personal Care" and.. Organization" departments, supervising department employees, making schedules,.. merchandising freight, coordinating with Corporate office on merchandising.. and promotional sales, as well as training of new employees. I'm proficient at exel office, hand trucks, and receiving.]
10876132, [I got my bachelor   s degree   fine arts in fine arts from pennsylvania academy of fine arts. As a Operations Manager, I worked from July 2006 to August 2009. And my major duty is Executive position. Key member of operations staff and event planning.. Managed and operated day to day activities of the warehouse and janitorial staff.. Instrumental in event planning by providing supply options that solved logistic and aesthetic issues.. Evaluated operational records and made scheduling adjustments to maximize efficiency.. Created and implemented all of the systems of organization for sending and receiving.. Oversaw special orders and after-hours, urgent shipping jobs.. Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.. Worked independently, had to think quickly on my feet and          constantly solve evolving problems.. Independently pulled and completed work orders with on the fly adjustments.. Routinely planned out my schedule two weeks in advance.. Conducted monthly, quarterly and yearly inventories of warehouse stock. ]
18509268, [I got my bachelor of science hotel and restaurant administration in hotel and restaurant administration from university of central missouri. As a Sales Associate / Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Assist customers with sportswear and equipment needs. Achieve daily sales goals through customer satisfaction. Stock and remodel store sales floor to emphasize new product and in-season sports.. Supervise and train employees on company brand standards through workshops and weekly meetings.. Complete daily and weekend ending paperwork to present business results to district manager.. Handle daily deposits and store reports. I'm proficient at receiving, neat, and merchandising.]
35571205, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma        auburn mountainview high school from auburn mountainview high school. As a Steel Worker, I worked from 04/2018 to Current. And my major duty is Identified potential jobsite issues and spoke with supervisors to immediately determine effective solutions.. Operated all heavy machinery in the safest manner to avoid injuries and accidents.. Used hand tools to change worn cutting tools.. Consistently assumed additional responsibilities and worked extended hours to meet project deadlines.. Prepared and administered preventative maintenance work orders.. Kept site work safe and in line with budget, schedule and applicable building codes.. Attended monthly safety meetings to ensure machine operation safety.. Inspected machine parts for conformance to product specifications.. Met production goals by maintaining cost effective levels of spare parts inventory.. Responsible for wide variety of duties including, pipe fitting, painting, carpentry, electrical repair, installation, building repair.. Promoted shop safety by working in a safe manner.. Informed supervisors when machines needed major service.. Prepared and cleaned construction sites by removing debris.. Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction. I'm proficient at hand trucks, carpentry, and closing.]
23190306, [I got my business management in business management from florida state college of jacksonville city. As a Soft lines Manager, Apparel Lead, I worked from 01/2009 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Responsibilities consisted of Constructing visual presentations, Managing payroll and training of department associates, and Communicating with vendors and buyers in regards to inventory of product.. Leadership Known throughout career as a hands-on project manager with strong expertise in team management and prioritizing.. Ensured that employees recognized the importance of their contributions to the whole, and demonstrated to each one appreciation for the value that he or she delivered to the store overall.. Developed significant reputation for leadership due to excellent relationships with employees and willingness to lead by example.. Professional experience continued Brenna T.. Walsh page 2 Sales / Profit & Loss Management Motivated staff to create a clean, enjoyable environment with appropriate product availability.. Trained copy center/cashier staff as well as floor staff in superior customer service while maintaining highest levels of understanding of company policies and procedures.. Controlled profit and loss daily; maintained accountability for period-end reporting.. As inventory captain, evaluated inventory and ensured availability of products on shelves; conducted store transfers to ensure products in store; ran daily reports and did audits to better control inventory levels Earned title of special projects captain due to ability to organize and execute large-scale department reorganization, including refits and retrofits for new products.. Customer Service Set the standard for impeccable customer service; trained all staff to excel in the customer experience Turned customer service lapses into positive teachable moments that improved staff perception of need and accountability Targeted and achieved weekly "customer experience" metrics goals of 9+/10 ratings.. Personnel Development Coordinated training of each employee with corporate training materials Coached individuals; achieving a promotion rate of ~35% (one to two levels above original position) Worked with vendors to develop product training from product sources Delivered well-executed and helpful annual reviews; developed significant reputation as go-to source for help on review wording, delivery, and execution of employee reviews as well as overall operations of the store. I'm proficient at leadership, team management, and merchandising.]
29028935, [I got my associates in associates degree saddleback community college   city   state legal administrative assistant from saddleback community college. As a Human Resources Assistant, I worked from January 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Aided with the oversight of 93 employees and 30 attorneys.. Handled multifaceted clerical tasks including data entry, records management, billing and communications.. Supported in the planning and coordination of Human Resources (HR) activities; compiled and organized personnel records and confidential employment records.. Assisted with the administration of day-today HR operations, departmental developments, HRIS, employee relations, training and development, benefits, compensation, executive administration, and recruitment. I'm proficient at leadership, organization filing, and starguest.]
12059610, [I got my high schooldiploma state in  from high schooldiploma state. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at processes, cooking, and employee training.]
26829561, [I got my industrial engineer in industrial engineer from pontificia universidad catolica madre y maestra. As a Warehouse Manager / Production Manager, And my major duty is Managed logistics and operations in the  Distribution Center.. Setup and launched production lines until fully operative.. Achievements: Implemented the Quality Control System and personnel training. Reached desired efficiency in short time. ]
78273826, [I got my bachelor of arts in fashion design from california state university. As a Production Manager, I worked from January 2000 to January 2001. And my major duty is Managed the domestic and offshore production of women's sportswear and technical skiwear.. Sourced domestic and offshore factories, managed B.O.M., created WIP. reports, analyzed product costings and margins; collaborated with customs brokers to insure timely delivery of offshore product.. Ordered production fabric and trims for domestic production.. Maintained working relationships with offshore factories by regularly visiting the factories.. Performed inspections at offshore factories in regards to the efficiency of markers, quality of cutting and overall construction and fit of finished goods.. Worked with sales team to develop product, line plans and skus.. Issued purchase orders, cut tickets and maintained inventories domestically and offshore.. Maintained WIP reports, production schedules and timelines.. Reported directly to President of company. I'm proficient at excellent organizational skills team player works well under pressure, adobe illustrator, and photoshop.]
27176039, [I got my associate   applied science industrial management in applied science industrial management from del mar college. As a Assistant Plant Manager, I worked from January 1994 to January 1998. And my major duty is Managed $5 million plant operations and supervised 40 employees.. Controlled the processing of 100,000 pounds of merchandise through the plant weekly and managed inventory of garments, equipment, supplies and parts.. Served as Safety Committee Chairman, insuring OSHA compliance.. Supervised maintenance employees and maintained wastewater operations within guidelines of state and local regulations. I'm proficient at leadership, firing, and materials.]
22249155, [I got my high school diploma in high school from pocola high school. As a Sales Floor Associate, And my major duty is Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance.. Retrieved alternate items and sizes on request.. Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.. Increased purchase totals by recommending additional items.. Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.. Created attractive displays.. Provided expert product and service information.. ​ I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great people skills, and copier.]
25142074, [I got my bachelor of arts in fine arts from school of the museum of fine arts. As a Sales Representative,  I'm proficient at sculpture weaving, graphic design, and composition illustration.]
19402977, [I got my fashion institute of design and merchandising in fashion institute of design and merchandising from san diego mesa college. As a Assistant VP, And my major duty is Managed details of conference calls, travel arrangements and meetings, itineraries, expense reports, sample garments, etc.. Collaborated with buying office concerning availability of product, shipping and delivery dates, and pricing. I'm proficient at market trends, receiving, and closing.]
13858219, [I got my ba   communications in communications from siena height university. As a Swing Manager, I worked from January 2008 to January 2011. And my major duty is Worked hands on with H.S Students in their training and development to manager trainees.. Recruited, hired, developed and retained retail talent for the company.. Held each team member accountable for achieving brand and performance goals.. Offered direction and gave.. constructive feedback to motivate team members. I'm proficient at leadership, customer satisfaction, and customer service.]
15746146, [I got my bachelor of fine arts in fiber   textiles from university of washington. As a Apparel Product Designer II, I worked from March 2001 to September 2004. And my major duty is Designed seasonal collections for the Men's and Boy's Sport Athletic Groups (Classic, Retro, Basketball, ILE, Training and Headwear/Accessories) as well as the Two 3 Men's Street Casual Line (Knits,Sweaters,Woven,Denim,Outerwear and Headwear/Accessories).. Domestic and International travel for trend, trim and fabric research.. Involved in Merchandising the seasonal line through styling and color.. Ensured that product was consistent with market trends as well as business strategy.. Interacted closely with merchandising teams to execute seasonal lines accordingly to style counts, gross margin requirements, and retail/catalog merchandising strategies. I'm proficient at price negotiating, product design and development, and knowledge of quality assurance testing.]
17659053, [I got my associate of arts in sociology from sinclair community college. As a Cash Office / Bookkeeper - Apparel Departments, And my major duty is Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation.. Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.. Processed payroll and employee pay adjustments.. Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments,  returns and exchanges.. Cross-trained and provided back-up for other customer service  representatives when needed.. Computed accurate sales prices for purchase transactions.. Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and  cleaning.. Expressed appreciation and invited customers to return to the store.. Interacted with customers and retail buyers to follow-up on shipping statuses  and expedited orders.. Assisted customers with store and product complaints.. Compiled weekly monetary reports and records for store managers.. Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout  stations.. Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing  high level of customer service.. Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning.. Processed merchandise returns and exchanges. I'm proficient at proofreading, data collection, and data entry.]
26586477, [I got my b   s   marketing of textiles and apparel in marketing of textiles and apparel from university of illinois at urbana   champaign. As a Management Trainee, I worked from 07/1995 to now. I'm proficient at sales and trend forecasting, problem solving, and pricing strategies.]
37750854, [I got my ba   liberal studies society   ethics   and human behavior in liberal studies from university of washington   city. As a Store Manager, I worked from Jan 1998 to Jan 2000. And my major duty is Managed a staff of 10 in a leading international retail shoe store Responsible for sales, inventory, staffing, visual, and store maintenance. Consistently exceeded store sales goals and company expectations. Opened the first retail store in the state, including; recruiting, visual set up. Trained six managers and over twenty-five employees I'm proficient at years in retail management, marketing, and and merchandising.]
33665485, [I got my bachelor of science in merchandising and marketing from bachelor of science. As a Prior Experience  Sr. Assistant Buyer, Assistant Buyer, Merchandise Manager,  I'm proficient at leadership, process improvement, and merchandising.]
26098594, [I got my j   d   law in law from cleveland   marshall college of law. As a Manager, Assistant, Manager-in-Training, I worked from August 1976 to August 1980.  I'm proficient at conduct meetings, forms, and receiving.]
91026230, [I got my master of science   sport management in business administration   marketing from the university of tennessee. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at cash flow, supervising, and instructor.]
16985289, [I got my bachelor of arts   fashion design in fashion design from mount mary college. As a Technical Designer, And my major duty is Responsible for the overall design, construction and production approval process of garments: including creating technical drawings in Adobe Illustrator CS, specifications in Web PDM, and communicating all changes with Far East vendors. I'm proficient at leadership, inventory levels, and merchandising.]
54308684, [I got my bachelor of science   marketing in marketing from california university northridge. As a Bookkeeper, And my major duty is Maintain Bookkeeping for company. I'm proficient at websites, data entry, and merchandising.]
10562768, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from cochise college. As a Aquatics Associate, I worked from 10/2007 to 04/2009. And my major duty is YMCA Certification, Red Cross/Ellis Lifeguard      Certification, Water Aerobics Certification, CPR/First Aid/AED      Certification, USA Certified Swim Coach, Swim Instructor Certification.. Increased North Oakland Waves Swim Team membership      by 47%.. Lead swim instructors and lifeguards in      monthly CPR/AED/First Aid Training. I'm proficient at leadership, citrix, and instructor.]
41586420, [I got my bachelors of commerce in commerce from ckt college of arts   commerce   management studies. As a Sr. Customer Service Executive, I worked from 08/2008 to now.And my major duty is Provide customer service by greeting and assisting customers, and responding to customer inquiries  and complaints.. Direct and supervise employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking, reconciling cash receipts, or in  performing services for customers.. Monitor sales activities to ensure that customers receive satisfactory service and quality goods.. Instruct staff on how to handle difficult and complicated sales.. Train Front End associates and evaluate their performance.. Answer customers' query about New launch and advise customers on Usage plan selection.. Processed all sales transactions accurately and in a timely fashion. I'm proficient at logistics, coaching, and sales.]
21570485, [I got my bachelor of arts in communications from the college of new rochelle city. As a Sales Executive, I worked from 03/1997 to now.And my major duty is Maintained relationships with existing customers through regular review visits.. Visited potential customers to demonstrate products and gain new markets.. Contacted clients by phone to negotiate terms of an agreement and conclude sales gathering.. Negotiated variations in price, delivery and specifications with buyers.. Researched, analyzed and reported future buying trends back to employer.. Handled all travel arrangements including domestic and international, hotel accommodations and car services for trade shows. I'm proficient at technical support, lexis nexis, and outlook and mac.]
12122372, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from mount saint mary   s university. As a Sales Manager Assistant/Sales Representative, And my major duty is Oversaw department's customer service.. Communication liaison for buying department, identifying market research information.. Organized sales team's meeting, shows and presentations between company and vendors. I'm proficient at leadership, sales, and critical thinking.]
14304010, [I got my bachelor of science   production managment hunter university   city   state communication   journalism   media studies   film studies and creative writing        bachelor of science   international affairs in international affairs from hunter university. As a Production Manager, Director, And my major duty is Observe sets or locations for potential problems and to determine filming and lighting requirements.. Supervise and coordinates the work of camera, lighting, design, and sound crew members.. Communicate to actors the approach, characterization, and movement needed for each scene in such a way that rehearsals and takes are minimized. I'm proficient at merchandising, creative planning, and selling.]
36136569, [I got my bachelor of science degree   business management in business management from university of phoenix. As a Project Administrator, I worked from October 1999 to February 2006. And my major duty is Barbie Product Development/Samples Administrator Manage all aspects of Mainline Barbie product development from design concept approval through production start.. Point of contact for Orient Plant and Vendor Operations (both US and abroad).. Responsible for the sourcing, purchasing, and determining tooling of accessories and textiles.. Maintain hard cost from Transfer of Product to Final Production Release within 10%, while being able to incorporate design concepts into products ready for manufacture.. Assist the Marketing Team with advertising, commercial shoots, toy fairs, and sales line reviews.. Attend Domestic Toy Fair Shows as a representative for development to trouble shoot for Girls Brands (Barbie, Specialty, Fashions and Accessories).. Also assisted with the set up/tear down for toy fair shows.. Support Worldwide Sales and Marketing by coordinating all premium (handmade) and production samples.. Responsible for shipping highly sensitive, rather expensive prototype samples and documents to domestic/international subsidiaries.. Received awards for Best New Product launch for the 2004 Product Line as well as for Excellent Customer Service. I'm proficient at e mail, product development planning, and press.]
35603950, [I got my bba   economics in economics from georgia southern university. As a Vice-President of Community Service Delta Sigma Pi, I worked from Aug 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Post Office Box 8065 Statesboro, Georgia 30460 Supervisor: Margaret Pigatt-Lanier (912) 478-5413 40 hours per semester $1,500/stipend Peer Financial Counseling Student Liaison. Educate Students on the following modules: Budgeting, Managing Credit and Debt, Controlling Credit. Train Peer Financial Counselors on Modules to deliver to student organizations/classrooms. Partnered with other student organizations/faculty to set up venues to present PFC Modules. Recruit alumni and business community leaders for career development seminars. Partner with faculty for fundraising events. Raise awareness of organization on campus Coordinate community service activities with the Provincial Community Service Committee. Ensure that chapter meets volunteer requirement set by the central office. Organized campus-wide blood drive I'm proficient at in sales, training, and equipment maintenance.]
52252936, [I got my general studies in general studies from . As a Retail Apparel Associate, I worked from March 2010 to March 2012. And my major duty is Cashier, merchandising shoes, all apparel from the stock room to the sales floor, worked the truck every other day with new product. Reworked the sales floor for daily presentation. Daily customer service, open and close the store, managed the fitting room/key holder. I'm proficient at careful and active listener, new hire orientation, and tenant tracer.]
70750649, [I got my master of science   marketing in political studies and diplomacy from university of bath city   united kingdom. As a Marketing Intern, I worked from 11/2007 to now.And my major duty is Assisted during company presentations to new clients.. Edited press and marketing materials.. Communicated with high-end accounts and delivered brand assets as needed (Barneys, Selfridges, Harvey Nichols, The Mandarin Oriental).. Handled all sample requests. I'm proficient at powerpoint, outlook, and mac os.]
43852883, [I got my accounting in accounting from berkeley college   city. As a Administrative Assistant/Production Supervisor, I worked from August 1993 to January 2000. And my major duty is Accounts Receivables and Payables, data entry and production reports.. Assisted Bookkeeper; prepared time sheets and prepared checks for employees.. Answered phones, prepared invoices, and responsible for outgoing mail. I'm proficient at payables, as, and insurance.]
31761591, [I got my bachelor of arts   international relations in international relations from mount holyoke college. As a Trade Channel Manager, I worked from 10/2002 to 01/2006. And my major duty is Built and managed 30 new accounts and $15 million in sales. Established critical alliance with three major department store partners within a six-month period. Recognized as PUMA Employee of the Year, increasing sales level by 200%. Changed and improved department expectations on customer service, margin analysis, and presentation building. Planned and led training sessions on customer service and business analysis to promote sales team professional development and sales goal reinforcement. I'm proficient at ability to work with several operating systems including microsoft and mac osx, knowledge of spoken and written spanish, and strong working knowledge of datatrak abc and clubos software.]
31362807, [I got my high school diploma in nurses aide certification from muskingum vocational school. As a Soft Lines Manager/Assistant Manager, I worked from September 1979 to January 1992. And my major duty is Directed a team of 35 associates for all Soft Lines.. Coordinated visual merchandising and inventory control.. Interfaced extensively with buyers, designed and implemented visual merchandising. I'm proficient at editing sku s financial, merchandising, and assistant manager.]
24516163, [I got my bachelor of science in textile products design from university of north carolina at greensboro. As a Visual Merchandising Specialist/Retail Sales, And my major duty is Coordinate effective interior displays that are sensitive to customer and market needs, ensuring company fashion trends are implemented.. Implement seasonal set/sell planners with strong focus on wall and aisle statements with critical attention to trends and color direction.. Assist Visual Manager in implementing and executing effective and compelling visual presentation and merchandising of store.. Assist Visual Manager in merchandise changes, planogram layouts, overall maintenance of visual displays in the store.. Update and maintain store visuals according to corporate standards.. Plan floor moves, fixture placement, and other visual display placement, arrange displays and fixtures on the selling floor.. Oversee placement of all merchandise and fixtures in the house wares and children's departments.. Guide customers through the gift registration process based upon their specific wants. I'm proficient at direction, neat, and merchandising.]
20504094, [I got my college courses        hopkinsville community college in microsoft office suite courseware training from hopkinsville community college. As a Facilities Analyst II, I worked from May 1997 to May 1999. And my major duty is Overall responsible for maintaining all customer information, assist with new product development, end of program reconciliation's, invoicing, purchasing, and maintaining inventory in internal and external databases.. Responsible for new program review, maintaining customer requirement master files, BOM set up and maintaining history files.. Responsible for maintaining inventory of and ordering/or releasing components & assist other internal departments.. Responsible for maintaining of Customer P.O.. changes & streamlining with the sales department.. Oversee daily data entry of production, shipping and receiving in all databases including customers. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and arrange travel.]
24989856, [I got my associate of arts in scicology from columbus state community college. As a DATA ENTRY SPECIALIST, I worked from 01/2008 to now.And my major duty is TRANSPORTED VARIOUS PETITIONS AND SERVYS INTO ITS DESIGNATED COUNTY OFFICE CIRCULATED PETITIONS FOR CERTAIN ISSUES IN ORDER TO GET ONTO NOVEMBERS BALLET SUMMITING CIRCULATED PETITIONS INTO THE COMPANIES DATA BASE BEGAN AS A PETITIONER WHILE GETTING PROMOTED INTO A DATA ENTRY SPECIALIST FOR THE QUAL- ITY CONTROL DEPARTMENT ENGAGING QUESTIONNAIRE ASSISTANCE OVER PHONE STUDIO COORDINATOR 4TH AND HIGH HAIR AND FASHION STUDIO          2009 ORGANIZED INTERIOR DESIGN FOR THE BUILDING MARKETING FOR ALL SPECIAL PROMOTIONS WAS THE HEAD OF CLERICAL AND ALL SECRETARY WORK WHILE UPDATING THE CLIENTELE LIST. I'm proficient at phone, marketing, and office.]
16500168, [I got my bachelor of arts communications in communications from simon fraser university. As a Key holder/Sales Associate, I worked from 06/2011 to 12/2011. And my major duty is Practiced organization of clothing items - made sure the floor looked appealing to customers. Made sure customers walked out of the store with what they wanted. Top seller of the month for 3 months in a row. Learned to sell independently and as a team. Learned the importance of being preoccupied with work at all times. Responsible for closing/opening store as a key holder. Practiced inventory process every week I'm proficient at training, closing, and multitasking.]
35985133, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from susquehanna university. As a Controller/Office Manager, I worked from June 1988 to April 1992. And my major duty is Calculate and Prepare Payroll for 60 Employees. Installed and Responsible for A/R, A/P, & G/L on Computer. Filing of Quarterly Tax Reports. Produce Weekly, Monthly, and Yearly Financial Reports. Coordinate Year End Audit & Monthly Budget Reports. Responsible for Employee Reviews. I'm proficient at a r, self motivated, and highly dependable.]
22852364, [I got my master of business administration in management from pepperdine university city. As a Field Supervisor, I worked from 01/1994 to now.And my major duty is Developed and executed the South Bay Region sales growth strategy resulting in a 12% net profit increase.. Led the development of the company-wide labor-hours initiative resulting in $1 million in savings the first year. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and processes.]
83566455, [I got my mba in business administration salve regina university   city   state may      bs   textiles   fashion merchandising   and design from university of rhode island. As a SALES ASSOCIATE/WRAP DESK COORDINATOR,  I'm proficient at po systems, mrp erp systems, and data warehouses.]
10738095, [I got my associate of arts business administration in business administration from lone star college. As a Bakery Lead, ICS associate, Apparel Sales Floor Associate, I worked from 06/2004 to 05/2006. And my major duty is Bakery Lead - Supervising others and their work; as well as delegating duties to bakery employees to ensure a clean and productive bakery.. Placing orders to keep shelves well stocked, as well as frying and glazing donuts and cake decorating to fulfill customer orders.. Completed monthly audits and sanitary standards.. Completed monthly inventory reports.. Ensured a well-stocked backroom, built displays, unloaded trucks.. Assisted customers with all of their needs.. Zoned apparel areas. I'm proficient at letters and memos, speaking, and microsoft powerpoint.]
36094883, [I got my b   a   middle east studies in middle east studies from fordham university. As a Adjunct Associate Professor/Academic Advisor, I worked from Oct 1996 to Apr 2001. And my major duty is Taught 6 classes on Organizational Behavior and Politics. Advised over 100 students. I'm proficient at grant writing leadership skills in several venues, sales, and academic adviser and analyst consultant with strong client focus.]
19714635, [I got my bachelor of science in marketing   business from binghamton university. As a Sr National Director of Marketing, And my major duty is Created innovative business solutions through applying leading-edge marketing plans, leading to record breaking record sales of various artists.. 100 Million records sold worldwide) Played a critical part the successful album sales of co-venture labels such as Bad Boy and LaFace.. Spearhead strategic marketing plans to secure radio airplay on major radio outlets and formats. Managed nationwide college radio rep team ( 20 college reps nationwide) to secure exposure for artist at college radio and campuses. Instrumental in the album sales of various Arista artists including Whitney Houston, Tony Braxton, and Usher.. Planned and implemented marketing and promotional strategies for artists and joint ventures to increase sales.. Increased airplay of Arista artists by creating relationships with Regional Directors of Promotion in each market.. Proposed various actions which lead to improving the health and profitability of the company.. Orchestrated domestic and international promotional radio tours for artists.. Conducted Soundscan research with retail outlets.. Maintained quarterly departmental budgets, financial statements, and a staff of 20 people.. Developed effective strategic marketing plans that contributed to one of Arista's most successful years in the labels history ( $ 365 Million in one year ). I'm proficient at leadership, brand image development management, and vendor sponsor negotiations.]
56025640, [I got my information technology in general studies from ivy tech. As a Construction /Team crew lead, I worked from January 1999 to January 2001. And my major duty is Roofing experience.. Siding , Framing.. Planned and executed residential roofing and siding jobs .. Built and disassembled scaffolds, bracing and barricades.. Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.. Installed and repaired roofs, flashings and surfaces.. Removed old roofing materials in an efficient manner.. Mentored junior team members, providing guidance on proper techniques and safety.. Continually cleaned work areas and equipment.. Swept and cleaned roofs to prepare them for the application of new roofing materials.. Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.. Hoisted tar and roofing materials onto roofs. I'm proficient at edge, staffing, and press.]
25543217, [I got my high school diploma   business and marketing in accounting from university of phoenix. As a Assistant Store Manager, I worked from April 1996 to April 2000. And my major duty is In charge of opening and closing store, bank deposits, vendor liaison, replenishment stock ordering, expense monitoring/ control, implementation of new store sets, and modification of known loss reports, training of all cashiers and associates, payroll, cash drawer reconciliation, etc.. Highlights:  Started as a cashier and promoted to service assistant in two months and assistant manager in one year for outstanding performance.. Won various sales and donations awards during tenure. I'm proficient at effective time management, organizational skills, and advanced computer proficiency pc and mac.]
14206561, [I got my business administration in business administration from university of phoenix texas. As a Manufacturing Lead, I worked from 07/2004 to 12/2010. And my major duty is Analyzed production orders and schedules to ascertain types, quantities and specifications.. Planned production operations, establishing priorities and sequences.. Utilized Microsoft Office to document and update status reports.. Analyzed production reports and resolved operational and manufacturing problems to ensure scheduling needs.. Provided training, supervision and logistics coordination.. Maintain training certification and documentation.. Aligned internal resources to achieve on-time and budget performance objectives.. Analyzed reports and consulted with quality, management, and engineering personnel to solve problems.. Interface with customer to monitor project progress and cost.. Assisted in administration of software database.. Installation of network systems.. Assisted in implementing production software in a high volume manufacturing environment.. Coordinate product transition and support team. I'm proficient at database, ms excel, and powerpoint.]
15139979, [I got my SEP in CLS  what is your major    SEP            ged state of ohio   city           military training     identify basic engineering from CLS  what is your college    SEP. As a Electrical Apprentice, And my major duty is Annual Salary: 35,000 USD Hours per week: 40+ Series: 0802 Pay Grade: E-1 through E-5.. Listened to directives of senior electrical professionals to complete efficient tasks.. Completed semi-skilled and skilled work under supervision of fully qualified supervisors.. Maintained organization, cleanliness and safety in all work areas.. Gathered required tools and equipment for each task to increase efficiency.. Promoted workplace safety and reported any potential hazards quickly to Work Center Supervisor.. Utilized knowledge and equipment to test wiring and other system parts for electrical flow and function.. Reviewed blueprints and electrical schematics to perform tasks to specifications.. Put in new new electrical components, fixtures and motors.. Operated hand and power tools and diagnostic equipment to complete various aspects of jobs.. Inspected existing wiring to identify problems such as short circuits.. Examined and tested electrical systems to locate loose connections or other faults and make proactive repairs.. Followed all relevant electrical and building codes for each job.. Set up equipment and configured settings for optimal performance.. Demonstrated strong foundation of safety knowledge and implemented industry best practices.. Built controllers and panels to complete system installations. I'm proficient at engineer, leadership, and sharepoint.]
44624796, [I got my trade school in trade school from trade school. As a Assistant Superintendent, I worked from 10/1990 to now.And my major duty is Assisted in the maintenance of 47 residential units.. Repaired all physical damages to apartments.. Responsible for conducting all plumbing and electrical wiring. I'm proficient at engineer, plumbing, and carpentry.]
54227873, [I got my engineering in computer science from lynchburg college. As a Engineering Intern, I worked from June 2014 to August 2014. And my major duty is Created and edited AutoCAD drawings for the US State Department, Arlington National Cemetery, and Jefferson Island, MD.. Using Autodesk Inventor, recreated the company's patented Reverse Osmosis Multi Element Module (ROMEM) with a high level of detail, as well as rendering numerous images using Autodesk Showcase.. Researched, Acquired, Built, and Configured an Enterprise Server to replace the firm's antiquated system.. Specifications: Intel Xeon E5-2620 @ 2.0 GHz, Processor MSI X79A-GD45 Plus, Motherboard Windows Server 2012, OS 8x 8 Gb G.Skill Ripjaws Z series 240-pin DDR3, RAM 3x Seagate Barracuda 2 Tb SATA 6.0 Gb/s 3.5", Internal hard drive Seagate Barracuda 3 Tb SATA 6.0 Gb/s 3.5", Internal hard drive Cooler Master V8 GTS, CPU cooler Wiring and testing for VAV (Variable Air Velocity) boxes and installation of Intelligent Room Sensors for Sprint, Reston Va.. Researched and acquired numerous technical items to help improve the company's efficiency.. Assisted in acquiring and connecting an Industrial Wireless Network Bridge to connect the company headquarters network to a new remote office building network.I worked from July 2012 to January 2014. And my major duty is Insider responsible for taking customers for orders and resolving problems they had experienced with Papa Johns.. Tossed and made pizzas to the customer's specifications.. Helped manage a small number of employees to create a friendly and efficient working environment.. Software C++ Autodesk Inventor, AutoCAD (2009,12,15,16), 3Ds Max, Python. I'm proficient at programming in ms excel, ms word, and xcode.]
28005884, [I got my bs   construction management in construction management from hawkeye community college. As a Engineering Technician, I worked from May 1998 to April 2006. And my major duty is Surveying - Over 7 years of surveying experience including land surveys, TOPO graphic surveys, and construction surveys.. Responsibilities include performing surveying computations, processing data, drafting, and supervision of survey crew.. Surveying equipment used Trimble GPS and Geodimeter total station.. Environmental Sampling - Over 6 years of sampling at 7 different sites.. Responsibilities include sampling of water and soil, maintenance of bioslurp remediation system, and completion of chain of custodies and other required paperwork.. Construction Inspection - Over 3 years of construction inspection experience including bridge, bike trail, street, and airport runway, both asphalt and concrete.. Responsibilities include keeping daily records, measuring quantities, insuring compliance with plans and specifications.. Stream Gauging - Over 2 years of stream gauging on 4 different river basins, including the Iowa, Des Moines, Raccoon, and Cedar rivers.. Drafting - Over 2 years of drafting experience including assisting a lead drafts person on street improvement projects, plat of surveys, and corner certificate drawings.. Drafting software used Microstation. I'm proficient at arcview, graphic, and surveys.]
82246962, [I got my  in electronics technology from d   a   v   college jalandhar city gpa   gpa         gpa         aas degree   electronics technology heald college school of technology. As a Test Technician I, I worked from Mar 1999 to Sep 2000. And my major duty is Directly work with Engineers on new customer products for Telecommunication Servers.. Performed test and repaired bad main boards, worked on SMT machines on a production. I'm proficient at mac os, cat, and sql server.]
13149176, [I got my bachelor of science in  from san jose state university. As a QA Tester, And my major duty is Implemented schematics, diagrams and written and verbal descriptions to effectively solve engineering project issues.. Reformatted large datasets for use in technical applications.. Completed projects by effectively applying engineering, technical and maintenance procedures.. Used precision test equipment such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters, waveform generators and spectrum analyzers.. Completed projects by effectively applying engineering, technical and maintenance procedures. I'm proficient at technical support, upgrading, and a.]
12022566, [I got my master of science   industrial engineering in industrial engineering from university at buffalo. As a Production Supervisor, I worked from Jul 2011 to Jul 2012. And my major duty is Supervised production unit known as CBS (n-cyclohexylamine 2- benzothiozole sulpanamide which produced chemical which is further used as accelerator in production of tires by clients such as MRF ( Madras Rubber Factory), Monsento (company in brazil) Handled distillation columns, pressure vessels and valves controlled by PLC and DCS Efficiently maintained distillation columns without any single event of mishandling Followed hazardous operability process (HAZOP) Implementation of failure mode effective analysis (FMEA). I'm proficient at six sigma, receiving, and pro e.]
20981299, [I got my master of science in manufacturing systems engineering from visvesvaraya technological university. As a Engineer, And my major duty is Designed, developed, tested and introduced new product in the manufacturing line.. Developed control plans and schedules to support prototype development, pre production and zero defect production parts launc h.. Studied market forecast, conducted benchmarking and manufacturing cost analysis for new product introduction.. Lead APQP, DVP&R and PPAP development and conducted DFMEA for new product development.. Scheduled and coordinated phases of project (cost, tooling, equipment,) to develop 'World class model line manufacturing' imp lementing (TPS).. Successfully launched new product assembly project worth $100 million adhering to Toyota standards.. Performed design reviews, documented BOM and created assembly process documentations.. Reduced manufacturing costs by 30% by improving SQD (Safety, Quality & Delivery) KPI's metrics.. Performed and ensured quality and reliability of processes and developed validation recovery plans.. Spearheaded cost estimations and closure of non-conformance reports using quality tools (Pareto charts, Fishbone analysis, 8D, 5Why, FMEA).. Developed actions for IPQPR's (In process quality problem reports), SQPR's (Supplier quality problem reports) to present to Japanese quality teams.. Prepared product and process engineering change requests (ECR's) documentations, cost reduction proposals and presented to management.. Developed manufacturing process layout, control plans, work instructions and PFMEA.. Major Projects.. University of Michigan Dearborn Product Development - Designed a manually operated juicer using CATIA V5, prototyped the part using additive manufacturing (3D Printing), used benchmarking, customer surveys, DFMEA and brainstorming methodologies to build its business portfolio using lean canvas.. Occupant package design - Assessing driver requirements like seat track length, head clearance, entrance height, steering wheel height and diameter, accelerator heal point and other important driver's requirement to design a new compact sedan with the help of Anthropometric data and SAEJ1100v005, SAEJ1516v002, SAEJ1517v002 and benchmarking analysis.. Vehicle package analysis and evaluation of cargo compartment - Analyzed vehicle attribute requirements like cost, quality, operation and packaging of cargo compartment by benchmarking three entry level sedans and evaluating the results using ANOVA for customer feedback reliability.. Analysis of driver door interior trim panel using Quality function deployment (QFD) - Evaluated HMI logical layout and packaging of systems in interior trim panel by benchmarking compact sedans, interviewed customers for user experience, used QFD to take suggestions to find area of improvements.. Exterior and mechanical package analysis - Developed interface diagram and interface matrix to represent various functions between components.. Studied vehicle anatomy by decomposing the vehicle into systems, sub-systems, and components.. Vehicle body side aperture spot welding - Conducted detailed analysis of spot welding of BIW, determined robot base and end effector motion and the factors for complete station design using 4M.. Gearbox FMEA - Conducted detailed study on potential failure causes in 6X4 truck gearbox casing failure in fracture using DFMEA and PFMEA.. Implemented DFA and DFM to derive optimal design for ease of assembly and disassembly of gearbox casing.. Design for assembly - Proposed assembly line for plant with 138 stations for volume requirement of 240k vehicles, analyzed the JPH, throughput, bottleneck, labor hours, number of shifts and operators, length of station and line speed.. Six Sigma - Implemented lean six sigma concepts to improve the efficiency of base coat usage at body paint shop by DMAIC methodology. I'm proficient at kpi s, qcc, and cost analysis.]
25919149, [I got my associate of science   northern essex   electronic technology engineering computer system city   state   usa       gpa certificate in microsoft office graduated deans list      associate degree   hesser college   paralegal studies in electronic technology engineering from hesser college. As a Technical Support Specialists, I worked from 02/1992 to 11/2003. And my major duty is Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.. Worked with engineers on troubleshooting issues with the test systems.. Performed testing and troubleshooting of any/all products including printed wiring boards integrated circuits and systems to meet engineering specifications.. Trained peers on analysis processes getting them up to speed.. Performed daily analysis routines using established troubleshooting techniques, developing, and implementing new techniques.. Knowledgeable in the application of advanced electronics theories.. Collaborated and worked with supervisory, engineering and other functional personnel in conducting special studies and proving in new equipment.. Worked with the engineers in starting up the surface mount line.. Worked on the HP test sets.. Troubleshoot field returns using schematics.. Tuned circuit packs to different wavelengths. I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, reading schematics, and government.]
86828820, [I got my master of science mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from new jersey institute of technology city. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at engineer, technical support, and pro engineer.]
28320387, [I got my bachelor of science in petroleum engineering from louisiana state university. As a Non-Commissioned Officer, And my major duty is Provided leadership, instruction, training, supervision, and mentoring to a team of 4 to 30 members.. Ensured team readiness through quality control of equipment, risk management assessment, and constant updated training.. Monitored execution of operations involving security, safety, logistics, communication, equipment and personnel tracking.. Performed log keeping of significant events regarding security, safety, operations, communications, and reported to higher level of management when necessary.. Oversaw area of operations by communicating with incoming units, relaying pertinent information, and tracking their progress.. Supervised the administrative operations of a fledgling foreign police force, and provided operational and technical guidance.. Developed into a qualified leader who trained and directed teams while coordinating with supporting units. I'm proficient at leadership, reading, and supervisory.]
27756469, [I got my master of science   accounting and finance in accounting and finance from university college. As a Project Engineer, I worked from January 1992 to July 1995. And my major duty is Responsibilities grew from co-op student to lead project engineer for a small engineering company focused on developing sensing and actuator technologies for Defense and commercial applications.. Represented company on a multi-company technical team working on a two year Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) competitive contract.. Contributed to various engineering projects including acoustic sensors, acoustic noise cancellation, vibration control, modeling and simulation of pneumatic systems, 6-degree of freedom (DOF) missile simulations, missile control systems, and medical sensors.. Held secret clearance. I'm proficient at jde proficient, and financial statements experienced with many accounting, and team player well versed in ap.]
14049846, [I got my master of science in engineering management from oklahoma christian university. As a Engineering Intern, And my major duty is Installed, maintained, and operated mining and oil field equipment.. Designed and implemented environmental controls on oil and gas operations.. Presented a paper in the university.. Trained in hydraulic fracturing and acid treatment Noticeable Contribution: I was involved in a multidisciplinary team for reservoir simulation and development.. The responsibilities included: running routine and special core analysis on different reservoir core samples, reservoir characterizations, and reservoir simulation.. This project gave me exposure to the following: refining process working of crude distillation units hydro-cracker unit fluid catalytic cracking unit continuous catalytic reforming unit visbreaker unit isomerisation unit diesel hydro -desulphurisation unit.. Projects: NATURAL AND ESSENTIAL OILS PVT LTD.. Performed the extraction of essential oils from flower called tuberose and convert it to the desired product using an Rota-vapour distillation apparatus, and a full scale quality analysis was carried out in the lab which included the GCMS (gas chromatography mass spectrometer.. Noticeable Contribution: Calculated production accuracy, yield and testing equipment to propose corrective actions.. Employed statistics to analyze manufacturing vs.. requirements and suggest improvements.. Prepared work plans and forecast of production/industrial equipment for management reviews and control.. Monitored and organized workflow schedules according to manufacturing sequences and standard lead time of production operations.And my major duty is Performed extraction using sub-critical Carbon-di-oxide for the extraction of Nutraceuticals where I worked in a team of four under Mr.R.Senthil Kumar ( Professor, Sastra university).. We developed our own process design to extract nutraceuticals in a more efficient way with better purity.. I experienced a research lab first hand and had the opportunity to work in close quarters with eminent people from the industry Noticeable Contributions: Developed accurate, operations-wide measurement standards to increase production, minimize non-value-added time, and reduce cost.. Monitored and analyzed workflow, processes, procedures, and line activities, identifying and resolving bottlenecks to maximize efficiency.. Created cost models to support customer proposals and cost reduction initiatives.. Served on quality assurance team, developing guidelines and procedures to improve standards and performance.. Developed documentation system to ensure accurate, timely updates.And my major duty is This is project involves the isolation of colchicine and theo colchicoside from gloriosa superba seeds and forscolin from coleus tubers and senocide from senna leaves.. Developed the industrial process for its extraction and the process flow diagram on ASPEN workbench.. Noticeable contribution: Ran safety and quality tests, installed upgrades, performed troubleshooting, created new production units.. Used flow charts, graphs, diagrams, reports, and other documentation to monitor and improve the process.. Performed environmental monitoring, handled facility safety and functionality, in accordance with regulations, and in cooperation with quality-control and maintenance engineer teams.. Coordinated the various tasks of system development - Planning, designing, and integration (including formal testing) and oversaw full transition into production.. Created schedules and prepared internal and data-system reports for backup management.. Managed system configuration and its documentation to make sure planning and execution were run efficiently. I'm proficient at failure analysis, tools of operations research, and system configuration.]
43752620, [I got my master of science   automotive systems engineering in automotive systems engineering from university of michigan. As a Mechanical Engineering Intern, I worked from Jul 2014 to now.And my major duty is The main objective of the internship was to understand the different mechanisms and technical concepts involved in the end to end manufacturing of rail coaches and engines.. The internship helped get a feel of industry environment.. Witnessed various concepts such as welding, sheet metal works, CNC machine working etc.. Benchmarking and Preliminary analysis (Mid-Size SUV), University of Michigan-Dearborn, September 2016.. Collected Customer requirements from surveys, websites, magazine and, blogs.. Conducted a benchmarking study of competitor vehicles with the reference selected vehicle.. Developed preliminary specifications of the target vehicle.. Developed Pugh Diagrams to determine how the target vehicle and benchmarked vehicles compare with the reference vehicle.. QFD, requirement cascade and interface analysis for a selected vehicle system (Instrument Panel), University of Michigan-Dearborn, October 2016.. Determined functional specifications through the application of the Quality Function Deployment (QFD) to a selected vehicle system.. Cascaded vehicle attributes and sub-attributes requirements to vehicle system and its sub-system requirements.. Developed interface diagram and interface matrix for the selected vehicle system included all major sub-systems.. Identified and analyzed major trade-offs considered in designing the selected system to fit and work with other vehicle systems.. Business Plan Development (Mid-Size SUV), University of Michigan-Dearborn, November 2016.. Determined and developed various features, options, unique characteristics of vehicle systems and provided a brief description of the proposed vehicle.. Determined the characteristics of anticipated customers and provided a brief description of market segment.. Determined selling price and sales projection of the proposed vehicle.. Developed Gantt chart and System Engineering 'V' model to show the vehicle program timings and various gateways.. Determined costs, prepared revenue summary table, developed plots of curves containing life-cycle costs and revenues for the vehicle program.. Constructed a benchmarking table that included comparisons done between target vehicle and competitors and risks involved for the addition of new features. I'm proficient at websites, processes, and systems engineering.]
74236636, [I got my bachelor of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from san diego state university. As a Helper Plumber, I worked from 01/2002 to 04/2004. And my major duty is Aided in the installation of underground, 2nd rough and finish trim with the direction of a Journeymen level Plumber. Ability to Soldered/Brazed Copper Piping and installation of Cast Iron,PVC, CPVC, Stainless Steel, Iron Gas Pipe and Galvanized Pipe. I'm proficient at spreadsheet ability to type in a excess of wpm with minimal error working knowledge of autocad with d rendering and micro station med gas certified and knowledgable in osha, excel, and proficient in microsoft word.]
47549345, [I got my master of science in electrical engineering from nirma university. As a Intern, I worked from Dec 2011 to Dec 2011. And my major duty is Interacted &  worked  with  plant  operator and  chief engineer  on  SCADA,  HMI,  PLC,  control panel  wiring,  flow, pressure, level transmitter & control valves.. RESEARCH & PROJECT      Research on "Dynamic Stability of Grid-Microgrid interconnection system using Fuzzy Logic Controller".. To design a fuzzy logic controller to limit the switching transients and enable a smooth transition of Microgrid from Islanded mode to Grid-connected mode.. Matlab/Simulink-Simpower system and Opal-RT for simulation) Project on "Close loop traffic control system using PLC (Programmable Logic controller)".. To control the time period of traffic lights based on density of traffic using PLC (used LG PLC for simulation). I'm proficient at engineer, engineering projects, and siemens.]
28505854, [I got my m   tech in electrical engineering from devi ahilya university. As a Senior Software Engineer, I worked from April 2000 to January 2004. And my major duty is Worked  towards development of various technologies related to interactive TV set-top boxes for different markets.. DTV4.0 	(Sheep) compact client development for Comcast on PACE Daytona Box 	on GI headend.  Dynamic Internet Protocol Interface (DIPI) client 	for DTV Navigator to support Inband IP data transfer to set-top via 	IPGateway. Various types of IP access options viz Force Tuning, 	Channel tracking were developed. IPGateway development, I worked on 	basic DSM-CC session protocol implementation to provision continuous 	feed sessions for inband pipe with the Scientific Atlanta DNCS 	(Digital Network Control System) and also provisioning Power TV DIPI 	clients on this CFSs.. Micro 	1.0 and Micro 2.0 clients featuring Java based TVGuide, VOD, micro 	browser and TVTicker. My responsibility in this was to develop 	Tuner, MPEG Java APIs, porting of VOD client, TVGuide-CA java layer, 	TVGuide integration, enhancement to data service and other 	integration and bug fixes. 	 	Worked 	on feature of displaying MPEG I/P frames on a dynamically updated 	carousel content from a Liberate server. 	  	Other 	part of my responsibility in the project was to write glue layer at 	micro JAVA virtual machine for applications using a Multicast File 	System protocol to tune to data/video channels and I/P frames. I'm proficient at leadership, json, and embedded linux.]
38535335, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts   administrative assistance from oklahoma jr   college. As a BULK TELLER, I worked from Jan 1990 to Oct 1992. And my major duty is Vault commercial account teller.. Bulk teller. I'm proficient at ios in sap, access database, and pcard purchases.]
25608963, [I got my diploma in east boston high school from east boston high school. As a Test Technician, I worked from March 2001 to January 2002. And my major duty is Responsible for the production of prototypes and processes develop by the Engineers.. Tested final product and help to analyze data Recommended solutions on the testing line to improve failure rate. Handled epoxy instruments, dicing machines, and heating ovens. Assisted engineers with process flow and failure analysis. I'm proficient at failure analysis, equipment maintenance, and protocols execution.]
24647794, [I got my master of science   engineering electrical engineering in  from bsee. As a Engineering Intern, I worked from September 2014 to August 2015. And my major duty is Lead AutoCAD Drafting team of 3 in drafting 2D maps of Oil and Gas production sites.. Contributed in building Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) plans for Oil and Gas Production Facilities, data entry, and various office duties assigned by my manager.. Enhanced my communication and leadership skills within my team and my manager. I'm proficient at failure analysis, applications ms visual studio ms office mac os matlab simulink mathcad verilog orcad pspice solidworks autocad inventor powerworld etap helioscope, and cost analysis.]
16803215, [I got my high school diploma in bellevue college from bellevue college. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at very organized energetic, interpersonal skills, and processes.]
37335325, [I got my master of science   computer resource information management in computer resource information management from webster university      master of science   computer resource information management city   state kabul university. As a Owner / President, And my major duty is Installed the requested software and tested the compatibility of the new multimedia software and hardware Test and debug multimedia products, such as sound cards, video recorders, video capture cards, CD-ROMs and others Developed functional tests for stress, volume and continuity testing of software and hardware Configured system with various peripheral (scanners, printers, video digitizers) Reproducing bugs the were found during the test and compile all results Write reports and results that were found during the tests. I'm proficient at ceridian, processes, and objective c.]
81125166, [I got my b   s     mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from west virginia institute of technology. As a Designer/Drafter, I worked from March 1993 to December 1993. And my major duty is Supervisor: Dave Whalen. Create detailed part drawings of ice cream hardening machines and conveyors. Create layout and installation drawings of industrial pallet storage systems. Create electrical schematics and control panel drawings for ice cream hardening machines Proficiencies and Training: AutoCAD 2012, Digital Resources DB32 Punch/Plasma, Trumpf Suite Punch/Bend/Laser, Amada Punch/Plasma/Laser, Motoman MRC, MIG/TIG Welding, Syman, Q&A, Made2Manage MS Excel, MS Word, MS Outlook, EncompixDie Setting Training, Lean Manufacturing Training, 5S/Kaizen Event/Kanban Training, A-B PLC Training Notable career projects: Pacific 400 ton stamping press - inspection, purchasing, installation, and startup. Best Buy - design façade system, canopy, and entry wall element, installed on 60 stores. DENR building in Raleigh NC - design and manufacture sunshades covering entire south face. Hershey Medical Center - design for manufacturing of raised planter weldments. Southern Environmental - punching diffuser plates from Hardox 450. Johnson Controls - design 24' tall exterior column covers for main campus buildings. Kenworth - create manufacturing cell for muffler guards, grills, and grill trim assemblies. Peterbilt - create manufacturing cell for grill trim weldments and assemblies. Lutron Electronics - design for manufacturing of panels, boxes, and enclosures. Ericsson Telecommunications - design for manufacturing stainless steel electronics enclosures. Diebold - design for manufacturing electronics enclosures, light duty ATM cabinets. NCR - set of manufacturing cell for electronics enclosures and circuit board parts. Better Engineering - design for manufacturing of washing cabinets. Playworld Systems - design for manufacturing of playground platforms and stairs. Coolaire Systems - design for manufacturing of industrial air conditioning enclosures. Peavey and Crest Audio - manufacturing of stereo amplifier chassis. Vulcan Hart, ITW, and Wolf Range - manufacturing of stainless steel panels. Vulcan Hart - design of heat exchanger and assembly machine. Fleetwood Motorhomes - robotic welding of chassis trusses and various brackets and panels. Alaska, Keystoker, Leisure Line, and Reading Stove - manufacturing of wood and coal stoves. Trafcon Inc - manufacturing of construction zone light panels. Morrison Truck Bodies - designed crane body with open crane compartment. Airline - designed watertight louver/damper combo with high performance. I'm proficient at cabinets, training, and cost analysis.]
32081266, [I got my masters of business administration in management information systems from tidewater community college. As a Information Architect, I worked from 08/1996 to 01/2009. And my major duty is Governed focus groups and cross functional project teams to resolve functional and technical processes with the implementation of qualitative and quantitative decision support programs for a managed care organization.. Automated manual processes to drive gains in data tracking/accuracy, workgroup efficiency and profitability.. Through the use and creation of dashboards and ad-hoc reports using MS Access, Excel, and Cognos, data management strategies were implemented that transformed the Medicaid health plan data into actionable information for improving clinical and financial outcomes with significant ROI's.. This process netted an additional $690k in capitation revenue for fiscal year 2009.. Evaluated and supported development, integration, and implementation of automated business intelligence information systems such as Cognos and SAS for Medicaid health plan data through the use of database design, modeling, and management developed streamlined procedures that decreased labor time and eliminated redundancies in data management which generated a cost savings of $6K for Fiscal Year 2009.. Created a process for use by external Medicare auditors that resulted in cost avoidance for Optima Health -Government Programs, which generated a savings between $40K and $125K in 2009 due to internal vendor review and consulting. I'm proficient at business objects, macess, and sharepoint.]
25797445, [I got my associates degree   applied science electronics technology in applied science electronics technology from central alabama community college. As a Operator, I worked from January 1993 to January 1995. And my major duty is Operated equipment producing parts for assembly, assembled product, packaged product, and shipped product.. Maintained production equipment and facilities of plant. I'm proficient at delivery, ergonomics, and safety.]
28831378, [I got my bachelor of science   electrical engineering in electrical engineering from polytechnic university of puerto rico. As a Project Manager Assistance, I worked from January 2005 to January 2011. And my major duty is Work on projects estimation for electrical mechanical and instrument installations, instrument, electrical and mechanical maintenance for pharmaceutical and biotechnology facilities. Work as intern contractor on Amgen as maintenance technician of Utilities. Electrical and Mechanical Technician:. Preventive and corrective maintenance of pneumatics valves, ball valves, exhausts fans and other instrument as AIT, TE, Speed sensors, Flow Meters, PIT and LIT following GMP's and SOP documents.. Work on installation, troubleshooting and equipment repair following all GMP's and documentation report of all malfunction findings that cause the problem.. Work on the development and executed the implementation and validation protocol of new equipment to ensure it meet all design and specification and site regulation.. Participate in improvements of new corrective and preventive maintenance to get equipment out of risk. I'm proficient at engineer, mechanical electrical engineer, and training.]
50328713, [I got my ph   d in petroleum engineering from national tsing hua university. As a PROCESS ENGINEER, I worked from 04/2012 to 05/2013. And my major duty is Improve display yield through statistical modeling, process control, and tool modifications.. Won Qualstar award in Nov.. 2012 by completing two specific yield improvement tasks in merely two months, first time     for QMT-TW to award its engineers after establishment.. Optimized sealing process of interferometric modulator (iMoD) display that led to 52% pre-functional yield increase.. Increased the up time of panel encapsulation station from 73% to 92% by leading two tool-modification projects     involving a group of 5 equipment engineers and 2 external support engineers from Japan.. PROPPANT/DIVERTER TRANSPORT in HORIZONTAL WELLS, UT Austin          Aug.. 2014-present.. Evaluate the efficiency of proppant/diverter transport in perforated horizontal wells under different slurry flow     conditions using a combined CFD-DEM approach.. Developed a multivariate statistical model to substitute traditional CFD model for predicting proppant transport     through perforations at various flow conditions.. The computational cost dropped 5 orders of magnitude.. Accurately predicted DAS-measured proppant distribution in a field case with less than 10% error.. Chu-Hsiang Wu          Page 2 DESIGN and SELECTION of GRAVEL PACK and SAND CONTROL SCREENS, UT Austin          Jun.. 2013-present.. Develop analytical, DEM, and Monte Carlo models for predicting sand production through gravel packs and sand     control screens.. Accurately predicted 6 sand production lab-test results obtained from operators with less than 15% error using the     developed model.. Invented a DEM-based approach for extracting pore throat size distribution of complex packings.. Results show that the     pore throat sizes within gravel packs are usually between 1/5 to 1/9 of the effective gravel size.. The findings     correspond remarkably well with previous field observations and enable further optimization of gravel pack designs.I worked from 06/2010 to now.And my major duty is Designed highly mixing-efficient serpentine channels for biomedical detection.. Devised mixing index to quantify mixing efficiency of two heterogeneous fluids flowing in microfluidic channels. I'm proficient at bash, experimental and statistical methods, and das.]
27040860, [I got my bachelor of science in sociology business management from purdue university. As a Bartender, I worked from Mar 2006 to Oct 2009. And my major duty is Primary focus geared towards quick and efficient mixology and customer service to the bar patrons Managed the bar alone, focusing on maintaining a good atmosphere Handled cash and credit card sales, along with doing closeouts at the end of each shift Other duties involved placing orders, checking inventory and bar upkeep. I'm proficient at supervising, websites, and forms.]
21807224, [I got my applied industrial ergonomics in applied industrial ergonomics from purdue university. As a Value Stream Group Leader, And my major duty is Led 50-70 hourly employees on day to day activities.. Maintained and improved safety, morale, productivity, cost and quality daily.. Led continuous improvement activities in productivity, quality and safety. I'm proficient at processes, six sigma, and fmea.]
17926546, [I got my associate of applied science smcc south city   state   us i studied at smcc in             towards a degree in applied science in the field of electronics in  from smcc south city. As a Electrical Technician and Mechanist, I worked from 02/2007 to now.And my major duty is Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.Collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.Designed brackets and custom frame work for automated machines.. Prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for purchasing department.Debugged and troubleshot complex analog, digital, and RF circuits.. Worked with and troubleshooted Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) and assembly lines to maintain productivity.on the automated machinery at customer sites.. assembled complex electrical circuits both AC and DC.I worked from 04/2006 to now.And my major duty is Worked in multiple departments to provide quality care for patients.. Maintained medical records, worked with families to.. provide quality care. I'm proficient at engineer, microsoft visual basic microsoft excel, and six sigma.]
20882041, [I got my bachelor of science in mechanical engineering from university of idaho. As a Development Designer, Mechanical Engineer, Senior Mechanical Engineer, I worked from January 1984 to November 1992. And my major duty is Design engineer developing specialized machinery for the paper converting industry.. Developed machinery and equipment layouts for manufacturing facilities, managed CAD installation and developed computer simulation models of complex manufacturing facilities. I'm proficient at engineer, cad, and film hiring.]
56691064, [I got my bachelor of science   geography social sciences june        california polytechnic state university pomona gis gpa   pi gamma mu geography pi gamma mu social sciences associates degree   architecture in geography social sciences from california polytechnic state university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at engineer, enterprise, and book.]
64755882, [I got my master of science   electrical engineering in instrumentation and control engineering from netaji subhas institute of technology. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at spectrum analyzer, verilog, and cadence virtuoso.]
30097175, [I got my b   s   electrical engineering in electrical engineering from portland state university. As a Research Assistant, I worked from 05/1999 to 10/1999. And my major duty is Participated in the implementation of a project to regulate nuisance vegetation using natural biological controls (grass carp).. Responsibilities included  preparing reagents and other media required for daily vegetation study, analyzing and logging vegetative samples in orderly fashion, and recovery of biological controls. I'm proficient at engineer, speaking, and web design.]
28628090, [I got my b   s   management information system        worcester state university   mass   gpa   gpa         management information system gpa         b   s   electrical engineering technology in electrical engineering technology from . As a Application and Marketing Engineer, I worked from 01/1989 to 06/2000. And my major duty is Collaborated with R&D and Marketing to develop products to meet customer requirements for new business opportunities Coordinated and lead production trials of new and modified products.. Supervise Pilot scale trials when appropriate Drafted internal and customer specs for developed products Assisted Quality Assurance in evaluating and resolving unusual, non-routine customer complaints Provided technical assistance to Manufacturing concerning unusual, non-routine situations collaborated with Purchasing and Manufacturing in the evaluation of new sources of raw materials, and products Evaluate competitive products as needed Lead Engineer on the Engineering Production Team for customer samples Set-up, directed, and trouble shotted batches for new formulations for customer samples (non-routine) Mentored other engineers with respect to routine batch set-up Trouble shotted and solved issues during batch manufacture Assessed process capability Led R&D engineering production team hand offs Redefined system for recording samples results as a routine part of sample manufacturing Created part numbers, Bill of Materials, Productions version, Quality Management forms, and Material Masters for new products Independently designed and performed laboratory experiments using statistically driven design of experiment Assisted in makeup and testing of XP formulations Responsible for performing all accelerated aging testing of new formulations to establish product shelf life Implemented design of experiments to analyze experimental data using JMP statistical software Assisted R&D Managements in the allocation of resources across all development projects authorized by the Performance Materials Strategy Team.. Researched and formulated of LIP silver, Electroless Nickel, Electrolytic Copper, and other various metals Created Sales strategies in tune with market potential by the information backed by market research Prepared Sales Plans for Each Customer Coordinate with the Business Development Team regarding the new product launch and new target customer Responsible for defining and scheduling the delivery of high quality output in line with business requirements and customer priorities Managed the Product Management documentation and generated technical information together into a data package for marketing the new products. I'm proficient at six sigma, staff training development, and pascal.]
19612167, [I got my high school diploma in high school from el dorado high school. As a Sky Cap, I worked from 09/2001 to now.And my major duty is Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.Exercises sound judgment in issuing credits and making exceptions to customer policies to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction.Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently. I'm proficient at stratton warren mms, full finish, and team builder.]
21298336, [I got my bachelor of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from university of pittsburgh at johnstown. As a Field Engineering Intern, I worked from 05/2015 to 08/2015. And my major duty is Spreadsheets. Concrete. RFI's. Soil Nail Wall Installation I'm proficient at powerpoint, microsoft word, and bluebeam.]
25930778, [I got my a   a   s   drafting and design in drafting and design from itt technical institute. As a Janitorial/Construction Laborer, I worked from June 2010 to August 2011. And my major duty is Maintained building appearance (including painting, cleaning, lawn care).. Involved in renovation projects (including carpentry work and reading blueprints).. Janitorial work (cleaning exam rooms and offices). I'm proficient at carpentry, reading, and floor plans.]
31684925, [I got my bachelor of science in civil engineer from george mason university. As a Engineer Technician IV, I worked from 12/2015 to Current. And my major duty is Collaborated with contractors and clients as the on-site engineer for several large public projects.Implemented complex design software and drawing tools to plan and design transportation and hydraulic systems.Advised the project manager regarding construction material costs and quantity calculations.. Carefully organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.Created detailed CAD drawings for the engineering departments.Quickly learned SAP software and used it to receive, stock and expedite parts.Supplied production data to field operators, technicians, engineers and supervisors. I'm proficient at prime, consulting, and capital expenditures.]
39855211, [I got my ged in civilian conservation from schenck civilian conservation center. I have 3 work experiences.  I'm proficient at critical thinking, customer service, and facilities painting and repair.]
12518008, [I got my bachelor of science   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from temple university. As a Engineer I, I worked from 06/2013 to 03/2017. And my major duty is Worked to bring Drug Device Combination product to mass production.. Completed new Class IIa product and completed project in 10 months.. Completing CAPAs and resolving field failures by research and testing.. Developed new testing methods and designed tooling for new testing.. Experienced in using Injection Molding Machine to Create and Test Prototypes.. Found cheaper and more responsible vendor for MRI related testing. I'm proficient at leadership, team management, and consulting.]
20566550, [As a Mechanical Design Engineer, I worked from Aug 2015 to Jul 2017. And my major duty is Shared the responsibility of designing a CubeSat as the leader of the mechanical design team for entry into the Canadian Satellite Design Challenge (CSDC) in SolidWorks, which was structurally tested in ANSYS and 3D printed upon completion of design.. Communicated with teams of other fields using JIRA.. Involved in constructing a Mars Rover for entry into the European Rover Challenge (ERC).. Led the mechanical team in designing a Gimbal gyroscopic testbed for a Reaction Wheel System in SolidWorks that was displayed to future students in the form of a 3D printed model.. Trained new members of the mechanical team on using SolidWorks and taught thermal, electrical and structural concepts. ]
55953734, [I got my master of science   electronics engineering in electronics engineering from instituto tecnologico de monterrey campus monterrey. As a Professor Assistant and Labview programmer, And my major duty is Provided training of Labview to Engineering Students.. Developed of projects of remote control of testing instruments (Oscilloscope, Signal generator, power supply, multi-meter) using LabView, acquisition cards from Nationals Instruments used by students to take real measurement while doing homework. I'm proficient at work well under minimum supervision lifelong learnerand great organizational skills self motivated.]
23234047, [I got my bachelor of science in electrical and computer engineering from university of oklahoma   city. As a Automation engineer, Intern, I worked from January 2005 to August 2006. And my major duty is Design and implementation of microprocessor based monitoring systems for laser spectrometers. I'm proficient at supervising, functional block diagram, and printed circuit board cad protel.]
38314236, [I got my bs   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from university of texas. As a Project Engineer, I worked from August 2006 to May 2007. And my major duty is Qualified instillation of HVAC systems in new and renovation academic facilities throughout Texas.. Performed flow calculations using AMD multimeters, vibration measurements, and electrical measurements.. Participated in weekly site meetings with other contractors to review and report open action items, keeping project on schedule.. Delegating work to other contractors ensure timely completion. I'm proficient at processes, process engineering, and balance.]
25425322, [I got my master of business administration   project   program management in political philosophy from . As a Specialist, I worked from 01/1989 to now.And my major duty is Spencer Community School District, Spencer, IA 2008 - 2011 Board of Trustees / Board President Developed community relationships for more effective resource allocation and district sustainability. Conduct policy/budget development, leadership evaluation, resource analysis, and project prioritization. Led union contract negotiations and improved district financial solvency while not increasing taxes. Led the planning and passage of new Middle school building addition. Led transition of old Middle School building to Community apartments and Senior Center. Spencer Public Library, Spencer, IA 2007 - 2010 Board of Trustees / Board Vice President Set direction for library by advocating, planning, evaluating, and monitoring resources & services. Spencer for STEM, Spencer, IA 2007 - 2011 Co-Founder, Coach, and Mentor Coached (2) FIRST Lego League Robotics Teams, and (1) FIRST Tech Challenge Robotics Team. United States Army / Army National Guard, Retired 1989 - 2007 Fire Direction & Automated Tactical Data Systems Specialist Awarded Four Army Achievement Medals. Member of Task Force 21, tested and made recommendations for 21st century tactical and targeting equipment. I'm proficient at engineer, engineering department, and business requirements.]
55595908, [I got my bachelor of science        military college   city   state   iraq bachelor of military science engineering in engineering from military college. As a Site Engineering, I worked from August 2003 to October 2005. And my major duty is Experience in crimp, stake, screw, bolt, rivet, weld, cement, press fits, or similar operations Read instructions and follow production drawings Install finished assemblies or subassemblies is cases/cabinets Adjust/trim materials from components Develop the layout, parts fabrication assembly, install and complete checkout operations required for the construction of electrical and electronic assemblies and systems for the purpose of creating or proving engineering design.. Work from sketches, schematics and/or logic diagrams, fabricate and assemble chassis, panels. I'm proficient at technical support, ibm, and book.]
28631840, [I got my bachelor of science   internetworking technologies in internetworking technologies from university of maryland. As a Tank Platoon Sergeant, I worked from 07/1991 to now.And my major duty is •Tank Platoon Sergeant of 70 soldiers during peacekeeping & combat operations.. •Graduated in top 10% of class for all professional development courses attended.. •Identified as one of the top 5% of the Army's tankers by graduating the Abrams Master Gunner School which has a failure rate of 85%.. •Responsible for the planning, resourcing, and execution of gunnery training, incorporating both simulation and live-fire exercises, for 14 M1A1 tank crews (56 soldiers) in a tank heavy division. •Maintained & accounted for twelve tactical vehicles, resulting in a 98% operational readiness rate while deployed.. •Selected as soldier of the month/quarter on three separate instances in a unit of 5000 personnel. ]
23438227, [I got my health education and language arts in health education   language arts west virginia institute of technology   city   state completed   years of coursework towards a health education and language arts from west virginia institute of technology. As a General Clerk, I worked from 11/1989 to 08/1992. And my major duty is Handled all office and clerical responsibilities as required. I'm proficient at held a government clerk typist position for the o j c s office of the joint chief of staff office located at the pentagon duties included typing military awards, adtran, and certificates and recognition letters.]
35737840, [I got my diploma   general studies in industrial maintenance industrial engineering from lamar institute of technology. As a Concrete Finisher, I worked from 05/1997 to 07/2004. And my major duty is Shaped and built roads using large construction equipment.Operated a bulldozer to properly deploy waste products at compactors.Documented daily equipment inspections and submitted daily inspection forms to supervisor.Performed daily maintenance to the machine cab and wheels.Operated equipment safely and efficiently at all times.Serviced and maintained vehicles and heavy equipment.Correctly used aggregate sizes and classifications for all road construction.Listened to warning alarms and responded accordingly.Loaded proper materials while abiding by all safety and legal standards.Obtained proper signatures as required.Monitored various gauges during vehicle operation and investigated and repaired any abnormalities.Operated and maintained a forklift truck in a safe and efficient manner.Retained shop order segregation during yard movement.Set and read grade stakes to construct roads, parking lots, building pads, landfills and sediment ponds.Executed daily pre-trip and post-trip inspections and documentation in compliance with DOT guidelines and company policies.Completed all repairs and maintenance work to company standards.Counted and verified orders picked to ensure accuracy.Planned work and determined appropriate tools and equipment.I worked from 05/1989 to 06/1996. And my major duty is Followed checklists to verify that all important parts were examined.Organized work records and filed reports. I'm proficient at supervisor, problem solving skills, and quality assurance.]
90280583, [I got my master of business administration in finance and marketing from university of nevada. As a Performance Assessment Intern, I worked from 01/2002 to 01/2003. And my major duty is Data Center Network Engineer) - built & maintained 50 servers, 10     RAID5 disk arrays & three 20kVA UPS stacks, developing PM schedule for 85% downtime reduction. I'm proficient at leadership, sharepoint, and enterprise.]
51588273, [I got my ashford university in computer science information systems from university of louisiana ashford university. As a Senior Software Engineer/Architect, I worked from April 2003 to August 2008. And my major duty is Led teams in full life cycle software development using C#, ASP.NET and JavaScript, SQL as a result of strong expertise in supporting and enhancing existing legacy systems and software.. Assigned to train others and maintain the department and enterprise Crystal reporting systems, along with system architecture and design.. .. Acquired further multi-department exposure as Development Manager at Matrix Bancorp, and Supervisor/ Developer at MCI WorldCom. I'm proficient at sharepoint, enterprise, and php.]
15601399, [I got my bachelor of science in electronic engineering from itt techinical institute. As a Electronic Technician, And my major duty is Troubleshooting and repair of 100 modems per night on average.. Helped run other areas of the fabrication line when needed. I'm proficient at technician, processes, and modems.]
64468610, [I got my m   s   computer science in electronics and communication engineering from illinois institute of technology. As a Software Engineer, And my major duty is DPS acquired Star Media; Leitch acquired DPS in 2000).. Star Media, technology startup, created video editing software Velocity for post-production space, and developed projects include Project media management tools, Render Bank, and video effects. I'm proficient at ca, team management, and broadcast.]
28078163, [I got my m   s   computer science computer science in computer science from illinois institute of technology city. As a Software Engineer, And my major duty is DPS acquired Star Media; Leitch acquired DPS in 2000).. Star Media, technology startup, created video editing software Velocity for post-production space, and developed projects include Project media management tools, Render Bank, and video effects. I'm proficient at ca, team management, and broadcast.]
31677347, [I got my m   s   computer science in electronics and communication engineering from illinois institute of technology. As a Software Engineer, I worked from August 1994 to July 1997. And my major duty is DPS acquired Star Media; Leitch acquired DPS in 2000).. Star Media, technology startup, created video editing software Velocity for post-production space.. Designed and developed projects include (C++, Windows) Project media management tools, Render Bank, and video effects. I'm proficient at ca, team management, and broadcast.]
28762662, [I got my m   s   computer science in computer science from illinois institute of technology. As a Software Engineer, I worked from August 1994 to July 1997. And my major duty is DPS acquired Star Media; Leitch acquired DPS in 2000).. Star Media, technology startup, created video editing software Velocity for post-production space.. Major projects include (C++, Windows) Project media management tools, Render Bank, and video effects. I'm proficient at ca, team management, and broadcast.]
15858254, [I got my associate degree   electronics engineering technology state electronics engineering technology in electronics engineering technology from solano college. As a Electrical Engineering Technician and PCB Layout Designer, I worked from April 1995 to November 2001. And my major duty is Developed and implemented and troubleshooting procedures procedures for T1/E1 Framers, Routers, Switches, Ethernet, SONET, ATM Processing Products.. Supported products design verification, characterization, and validation.. Successfully managed lab: lab network, PCs and test stations installation.. Evaluation boards testing, troubleshooting, reworking, components purchasing, and assembly vendors interfacing.. ISO 9000 equipment calibration, laboratory procedures and ESD control administration.. Created schematic symbols, captured schematics.. Reviewed schematic, and gave recommendations.. Understood schematic and assembly drawings, Successfully built, assembled, tested, and debugged test fixtures, evaluation and reference boards.. Provided on-going support for modification and de-bugging of design hardware and software products.. Performed PCB rework down to 0402 and 0201 components. I'm proficient at ca, ethernet, and layout.]
16911115, [As a Receptionist, I worked from June 2006 to November 2006. And my major duty is Answered phone calls and greeted customers, assisted staff with special projects, alphabetized and filed paperwork.. Monitored equivalency tests for new students to access knowledge before they enroll and monitored proficiency tests for current students who want to test out of classes.. Cleaned student testing.. area and reception areas; alphabetized student academic files so they could be ready for scanning into the school's electronic records database; received and submitted transcript requests to the Systems Administrator. ]
27152464, [I got my master of computer applications in computer applications   software engineering   databases   networking   and operating systems        devi ahilya university bachelors of science   electronics from devi ahilya university. As a Project Lead, I worked from 09/2005 to 04/2015. And my major duty is Received core value awards - “SYNERGY” in 2009 for team building and “SMART” in 2012 for Individual performances.. Nominated for BRAVO award in First Data (2012 and 2014).. Automation improvement using PERL scripting.. Established involvement of frontend application into Change release management and helped to identify key issues during backend testing.. 3 times achiever of “0” issues in support queue as offshore lead.. Planned, executed and promoted total of 10+ releases in calendar year.. Produced quality standards, checklists, report templates and processes for same.. Developed and trained junior team members by leveraging industry experience to achieve optimal project strategy. I'm proficient at programming tools, vsphere, and version control tools.]
35651876, [I got my associate in CLS  what is your major    SEP from . As a Director of Engineer, I worked from 01/1993 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Atlantis Paradise Island Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the engineering, core responsibility of the leadership and guidance.. Included ten Kitchens, & fourteen Restaurants, select, develop, and retain protected class employees.. Evaluates safe work practices in job performance reviews.. Maintains the care and use of supplies, equipment, etc., and performs regular inspections of resident areas and rooms for sanitation, order, safety, and proper performance of assigned duties.. Performs regular inspections of resident, ancillary, and common areas for sanitation, order, safety, and comfortable environment.. Assures that engineering staff always follows established safety regulations in the use of equipment and supplies.. Inspects storage rooms, utility, and janitorial closet, etc., for upkeep and supply control.. Requisitions all supplies and equipment and maintains adequate inventory levels to provide a clean, safe, and comfortable environment.. 400 hundred guest rooms, painting, carpentry, electrical repair / service, Air conditions, Locksmith, four pools 3 spas, two commercial laundries service / repair, purchasing, storeroom supplies, landscaping, sewerage plant service / repair, 8 Boilers service / repair, 4 chillers service / pm, 4 generator ' service / pm, Engineering budget, capital budget 5 million dollars, renovate rooms & equipment's, engineering staff training, safety training with all employee, 8 supervisors, and 55 line staff, all the utility on Paradise Island include roads repairs, baggage handling systems, runway maintenance, airfield lights and a 7 cabins yacht. I'm proficient at engineer, ca, and leadership.]
19124258, [I got my bachelor of business administration in business administration from langston university. As a Manufacturing Engineer, I worked from January 1981 to January 1988. And my major duty is Company (OEM) manufactures Variable Speed Drives.. Plan products for the division.. Implemented procedures that improved shipments.. Manufacturing engineer for variable speed drives.. Includes testing, assembly of parts, designing BOM's, router's, special instructions and installation.. This help improve manufacturing output.. Liaison between engineering, manufacturing, and field service in resolving, and improving, manufacturing.. Promoted to various positions from inventory control, production control supervisor, and production supervisor. I'm proficient at sharepoint, receiving, and manufacturing engineer.]
24322804, [I got my bachelor of sciences in engineering technology from middle tennessee state university. As a Operations Technician, I worked from Jan 2011 to Jan 2013. And my major duty is Contributed to a consistent line OEE of 85%.. Made safety solutions that supported the plant to "Zero time off due to injury YTD".. Awarded 86% of possible bonus due to meeting yearly KPIs. I'm proficient at c, visual basics, and autocad.]
12488356, [I got my master of science in business administration from mount st   mary   s university. As a Senior Manager, I worked from 06/1993 to 03/1998. And my major duty is Provided consulting services to several Fortune 500 organizations to solve complex business challenges, including enterprise systems implementations, process improvements, application development, and release management all within complex, global environments.. Key clients included Disney, Glenayre Electronics, Quantum Corporation, and Western Staff Services.. Accomplishments:. Managed resources, costs, schedules and drove end-to-end delivery of global world-class technology solutions at client organizations. Developed and presented successful proposals for several business development efforts to prospective clients. Coached and mentored consultants for leadership development. Led the Demand Management Center Of Excellence for the Oracle Practice to develop best practices and promote knowledge sharing for client engagements I'm proficient at leadership development, people development, and enterprise software.]
26834746, [I got my professional certified energy manager leed green associate in energy manager from leed green associate. As a Submariner, And my major duty is Machinists mate onboard the USS Philadelphia.. Trained as an EMT and firefighter.. Duties included the overall operation and maintenance of various ships systems, such as the Nuclear Power Propulsion system... The first, in the 30 year history of the ship, to be awarded the Navy Achievement medal as a Jr.. ranking Fireman; medal was awarded for outstanding leadership and knowledge of all the ship's systems. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and plumbing.]
32985311, [I got my b   e   chemical engineering in chemical engineering from syracuse university. As a Associate Software Engineer, And my major duty is Project- Global Site System Services     Worked as a part of quality assurance team for one of the leading Oil and Gas Company by functional testing in a        simulation lab to assure the smooth functioning of 300 sites across the globe.. Communicated with a team of business analysts in order to understand the business scenarios and draft test scenarios for        application testing. I'm proficient at oil, programming, and streak crm.]
39835894, [I got my bachelor of engineering in electrical and electronics from visvesvaraya technological university. As a Member of Technical Staff, I worked from 06/2006 to 09/2011.  I'm proficient at iq, shielding, and linux.]
21847415, [I got my bachelor of science   engineering managment      arizona state university city   state   usa bse engineering management in engineering management from arizona state university. As a Monogram Operator, I worked from 06/1999 to now.And my major duty is Setup, operate and maintain various monogram sawing machines. I'm proficient at technical support, technician, and validations.]
30288581, [I got my master of science in industrial engineering from arizona state university. As a Intern, And my major duty is Design Project: Development of Central Chilled water plant system layout for a 45000sq.. ft.. Retail outlet.. Studied the project life cycle management of the System.. Headed the Intern team and presented weekly progress reports to the Lead Design Engineer   Academic Projects: Analysis of LASER Cladding at IIT Bombay.. Studied the effects of Laser Cladding by Preplaced powder method on mild steel.. Calculated the effects of different parameters affecting the LASER clad.. Reduced the usage of powder by 30% and LASER power by 20% Banking Database Management System.. Designed a banking database management system for bankers which could calculate the credit score for new customers.. Designed and created a database in MySQL.. Implemented GUI in Excel using VBA Optimization and Scheduling of Shifts for Police Department.. Determined optimum shift timings for police officers and allocated appropriate shifts.. Analyzed publicly available data from a website.. Developed models for optimizing the availability of police officers.. Used Excel and AMPL for solving these models and scheduling the officers based on each model. I'm proficient at engineer, layout, and materials.]
36149549, [I got my business certification in international business from international business san antonio college. As a Executive Receptionist, And my major duty is Managed front office area.. Answered multi-line telephone system and directed calls; took detailed messages and/or forwarded necessary callers to voicemail.. Booked flights, hotels, rental cars and arranged for corporate pick up at the airport.. Coordinated all company functions to include:  birthday celebrations, parties, awards and ceremonies, and local ticket events.. Collected US Mail, sorted and delivered to personnel.. Typed, faxed, mailed, and emailed office correspondence and performed various office duties. I'm proficient at enterprise, written communication, and meeting facilitation.]
17103000, [I got my master of business administration in electrical engineering from indiana university bachelor of science   electrical engineering electrical engineering bsee university of evansville. As a Electrical Engineer, I worked from 11/2001 to 05/2005. And my major duty is Designed electrical systems to be integrated in military flight simulators.. These systems included AC/DC power distribution, video distribution, control loaders and communication systems.. Designed wire harnesses for military flight simulators.. This effort consisted of specifying the components, wire and connector sizing, and interfaces.. Developed design specifications, schematics and assembly drawings for the manufacturing of military flight simulators.. Played an integral part in the production of the first high fidelity F-15 flight simulator based on an architecture consisting of personal computers.. Initiated the trade study to utilize commercially available uninterruptible power supplies instead of custom designed power distribution systems to provide power to simulators.. Resulted in a cost savings of $150,000 per training facility. I'm proficient at engineer, ibm, and leadership.]
12011623, [I got my master of science in environmental science and technology unesco   ihe   city the netherlands environmental science and technology july      bachelor of science   resource management from granite state college. As a Engineering and Quality Technician, And my major duty is Planned, performed and conducted semiconductor production process development and engineering designs as well as managed small projects and prepared statements and monitored project schedules.. Identified product defects introduced in data warehouse by performing quality tests using SQL and JMP.. Co-ordinated with scientists, engineers, manager, analysts to understand the impacts due to defects and provided valuable information for product shipping and customer satisfaction.. Managed multiple tasks and accomplished goals efficiently and per schedule with a strong work performance to meet the goals of the department.. Monitored and adjusted semiconductor production process or/and equipment for improving quality and productivity and achieved a 10% higher performance rate for the fiscal year of 2014.. Provided technical support in developing, building and testing prototypes, new products, processes and procedures and provided training and advice to other Engineering technicians.. Applied database management and data analysis methods which helped enhancing production efficiency and reduced costs for the department by 5% in every quarter.And my major duty is Lecturer in Environmental Science and Technology Effectively engaged in course curriculum development, taught courses and engaged in research projects and community services on the areas of Statistics, GIS and natural resource management.. Developed course material that support the goal of the course including design of curriculum and schedule of instructions, provided student with guidance in regards to their grades and progress in the course work and elected as best instructor of the College in 2008.. Established a GIS laboratory facility with other staff members, provided technical support for environmental remediation projects and for legal actions.. Used SQL and SPSS for managing student database and for analysis of data.And my major duty is Assistant Lecturer in Natural resource management Assisted in teaching, researching and developing methods which helps in improving both the university and students' performance.. Highly engaged in curricular and extra-curricular activities and community services.. Established and coordinated nature and environmental protection club in the university.. Developed teaching methodologies and techniques that added to the knowledge base and understanding of resource management by preparing teaching materials, handouts and laboratory manuals.. Engaged in major research projects of resources management which was undertaken in collaboration with Universities, NGOs, and engineering consulting companies.. Served as lead of the college's audiovisual center and arranged workshops, meetings and documented academic resources. I'm proficient at technical support, instructor, and consulting.]
12748557, [I got my bachelor of science   electrical and computer engineering in electrical and computer engineering from university of california at santa barbara city. As a Associate Systems Engineer, I worked from 06/1991 to now.And my major duty is ​ ]
28923650, [I got my doctor of philosophy in mechanical engineering from arizona state university city. As a Teacher's Assistant, And my major duty is Assisted instructor in running experimentation laboratory for Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) course.. Oversaw over 90 students and compiled each lab document along with lesson planning and teaching.. Hands.. on experience with assembling, disassembling and testing ICEs. I'm proficient at enterprise, instructor, and air force.]
30542184, [I got my diploma        university of   strong vincent hs   city   state intermediate electronic principles in electronic principles from university of   strong vincent. As a Combat Engineer, I worked from January 1992 to January 2000. And my major duty is Detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.. Perform such tasks as making circuit analyzes, and tracing relationships in signal flow.. Use complex test instruments such as high frequency pulse generators, frequency synthesizers, distortion analyzers, and complex computer control equipment.. Reads, interprets, and plots maps, overlays, and photos; develops and uses engineering tools.. Determines limiting slopes, curves, stream velocity, and gap widths.. Assembled structural parts and components to meet requirements for preserving structural integrity and low observable qualities, posted entries and maintained maintenance and inspection records.. Provide the US Army with hands-on and over-the-shoulder radio and communications maintenance training utilizing Aero flex analyzers, Fluke multi-meters, Bird watt meters, Marconi signal generators and BKP frequency counters, Boonton modulation meters and TEK 4ch oscilloscopes.. Assist in developing communication system maintenance management and repair program Advise maintenance personnel on the basic and intermediate maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and service of LMR HF/ VHF communications equipment. I'm proficient at radio, office, and read.]
19396040, [I got my masters of science in industrial engineering production   inventory management from university of texas. As a Intern, I worked from November 2012 to May 2013. And my major duty is Developed the inspection process for motor accessories.. Designed tools, gauges and fixture in AutoCAD and /or ProE as required.. Managed the outsourced manufacturing of necessary tools, gauges or fixtures.. Maintain Gauge Calibration database.. Managed the calibration schedule with outside vendors or in-house calibration group.. Worked in PM and QM modules of SAP R/3 to enter or retrieve data.. Awareness of ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001(EMS), Integrated Management system (IMS) & Hazard identification and risk awareness (HIRA) documents on shop floor. I'm proficient at supervising, strategy planning, and siemens.]
35389360, [I got my bachelor degree   electronics and communications engineering technology electronics and communications engineering technology in  from glen oaks high school. As a Installation/Service Technician, I worked from July 2014 to Current. And my major duty is Installed, programmed, serviced, & repaired home security systems, home surveillance systems, & home automation systems.. Wire splicing (coaxial, cat5, cat6, & rj12).. Updating, repairing, replacing, reactivating old alarm systems.. Customer support.. Technical support.. Timecard management.. Inventory management.. Update customer information.. Resolve billing discrepancies.. Receiving and processing NSF checks, credit cards, money orders, & ACH checks.. Customer/New hire training.. Ensured customer inquiries and problem concerns were resolved in a timely matter.. Responsible for company vehicle that was given to me.. Hobbies & Interests Freelancing.. Web & App Development.. Tech Support Microsoft Applications Training.. Network Administration. I'm proficient at mac os, publisher, and cat.]
36517781, [I got my bachelors   information technology in information technology from hillsborough community college city. As a Business Cooperative Education Student- Customer Care, I worked from 06/2011 to now.And my major duty is Provide assistance to and back up department Senior Admin Specialist for various duties including payroll, budgeting, forecasts, ordering of supplies and material, organizational structure updating and helping employees with cost center financials.. Provide answers and updates to inquiries sent to the A-team or CI-SF Mailboxes.. Answer general questions from management team pertaining to off phone trends and activities.. Responsible for maintaining agent statistics for Ybor Call Center performance coaches, for 100+ representatives and data entry into the Workforce Management application to provide trending information for the leadership team.. Responsible for ad hoc requests, such as compiling reports for the scheduling and forecasting team. I'm proficient at gis, access, and microsoft office.]
15941675, [I got my bachelor of science   petrochemical and natural gas engineering        istanbul technical university turkey petrochemical and natural gas engineering off shore drilling and production   submersible mobil platforms   various courses in biology and medical science   towards a degree in medicine in petrochemical and natural gas engineering from istanbul technical university. As a Production lead / Process Operator, I worked from June 1999 to October 1999. And my major duty is Supervised manufacturing group and operated various equipment for producing transdermal contraceptive products in compliance with cGMP regulations, Participated in process development and process excellence projects, Operated multi-coater/dryer lamination machines with various line speed, temperature and air flows; Tasks assigned included general trouble shooting, training associates on equipment operation and proper documentation with strict adherence to cGMP compliance, Managed shift production planning and time management; Participated in process improvement and waste reduction projects resulting in increasing production up to 5% for each production lot; Participated in deviation root cause analysis and technical support, Participated in Process Qualification PQ) and Process Validation (PV) following the related protocols; Participated in Green Belt projects including waste reduction, reduction of production lot turn-around time, and over time reduction; Oil and Natural Gas Research Institute Worked on drilling and production platforms, assignments included analyzing sedimentary layers by shallow coring and determination of geological and chemical structure of the layers, providing technical reports on laboratory results.. Worked on an exploratory drilling site located in mountainous region of northern Anatolia.. Analyzing wastewater and handling hazardous material, providing graphs and related charts. I'm proficient at technical support, cost analysis, and staffing.]
19397727, [I got my bachelor of science   professional aeronautics in aeronautics from embry riddle aeronautical university. As a Electrical Power Generation Equipment Repairer Technician, I worked from 08/1996 to now.And my major duty is Performed maintenance on mobile utility precise power generation sets, and internal combustion engines. Administered troubleshooting procedures on electronic equipment using wiring schematics and diagrams. Maintained diesel and gasoline engines by adjusting valves, carburetors, ignition points, alternators, regulators, and solenoids. Performed maintenance services such as lubrication, oil change, radiator flushes and repaired small motor generators. Supplied electrical power to numerous field customers. I'm proficient at solenoid valves, oil servicing, and electrical equipment operation.]
47919212, [I got my bachelor   s degree   business administration in business administration from central piedmont community college. As a Network Technician, I worked from 01/1993 to 03/1997. And my major duty is Responsible for training faculty regarding using the Internet, developed a series of 4 classes on Internet usage and trained CPCC faculty over 6 month period.. Responsible for networking and Internet in campus Library.. Maintained electronic databases; repaired computers, pulled fiber cable; and performed maintenance on Novell servers on campus. I'm proficient at staffing, balance, and leadership training.]
10712803, [I got my certificate of completion   aib   haccp online course   haccp   food safety in business management from yuba community college. As a Microwave Communications Technician, I worked from 02/1987 to 04/1991. And my major duty is Worked for a rebuild facility doing repairs and overhauls of a wide variety of communications equipment. Primary job was to rebuild microwave communications equipment. Also repaired UHF and VHF radios.. Created a computerized inventory control program that greatly reduced the amount of man-hours required to perform quarterly inventories. I'm proficient at plumbing, siemens plc, and microsoft windows nt server.]
14554542, [I got my diploma in electrical apprenticeship from norview high school. As a Electrical Apprentice, And my major duty is Mr.. Roshto supported commercial, industrial, and residential  electrical installations, and he performed basic troubleshooting. I'm proficient at leadership, ca, and technical documentation.]
22605864, [I got my bachelor of engineering in bachelor of engineering from national institute of technology. As a Technical Support Engineer, And my major duty is I was responsible for AD maintenance tasks such as account creation, providing access to shared folders, distribution/security groups creation/deletion, replication issues, group policy implementation, etc.. Providing Line 1 support to the internal users of the company in troubleshooting their mail flow issues, outlook, network or password issues.. Handling mailboxes for the internal users of the company, etc.. Also worked on the network routers, bridges and other network devices manufactured by Linksys during my initial days in the company.. Provided technical support to the customers spread across the world in setting up their small office networks.. I was responsible for giving desktop support for a small scale IT infrastructure.. Day to day tasks included troubleshooting issues with outlook, blue screen errors, imaging, etc. I'm proficient at technical support, desktop support, and networks.]
49127329, [I got my mba   business administration in  from seattle university. As a Industrial Engineer / Project Manager, I worked from 12/2009 to 07/2010. And my major duty is December 4th, 2009 - July 30th, 2010.. Industrial Engineer / Project Manager for the Core Integration team and Interiors Responsibility Center South Carolina Project.. Responsible for managing all Business and Operation functions including staffing, training, tooling, capital equipment, baseline statement of work, baseline schedules, and program management best practices.. Responsible for leading a team of Interior's project managers to develop integrated implementation plans utilizing standard processes, metrics for executive review, and best practices such as RIO, Change Management, and Financial Planning.. Responsible for managing all opportunities and risks associated with the Implementation of a new Interiors facility in South Carolina.. Led the Interior's project effort all the way from gathering data at initial conception, to making a recommendation on an Independent Sourcing solution, through approvals, and into getting funding authorization in order to release Long Lead Capital.. Work cross functionally with Fabrication and Program Business Operations (formally known as PMO) on Program Directives / Decision Memos. I'm proficient at engineer, leadership, and production management.]
10219099, [I got my technical diploma in san francisco police academy from monterey peninsula college. As a Material/Production Planner, I worked from 07/2001 to 02/2004. And my major duty is Expedites materials through production processes, coordinates actions with other departments, verifies kit hardware completeness and configuration, requests drawings and materials to be issued from stores.. Resolves aging work orders, generates Non-conforming Material Reports (NCMR's), and generates shipping packing lists and invoice documents.. Responsible for scheduling, releasing, updating, and closing work orders in a timely manner.. Reports oral and written status of work progress to internal customers.. Interfaces with all Operations functions I'm proficient at work from written verbal instructions, processes, and direction.]
82125182, [I got my bachelor of science in chemical engineering from university of alabama. As a Chemical Engineering Summer School (ChESS Vienna), And my major duty is The focus of the Chemical Engineering Summer school course, ChESS Vienna, was on practical exploration of unit operations of process engineering in lab scale and touring various chemical processing facilities in Vienna. Additional goals included developing improved teamwork, presentation, laboratory skills, as well as expanding the student's world view, providing an enriching educational experience, and improving the global awareness of our students, and enabling them to be more effective in international settings. I'm proficient at chemcad, improve processes to separate components of liquids or gases or generate electrical currents, and and epi.]
22890839, [As a Help Desk Support Analyst II, I worked from 06/2012 to now.And my major duty is Provided Remote call center support for 600 New York Life Insurance agents.. Advised agents on the recommended specifications for now computer equipment based on each agent's needs.. Installed New York Life software along with WinMagic SecureDoc for Windows encryption.. Reset agent port passwords and access to OWA.. Installed and troubleshot end user software (Microsoft Office 2003-2008 including Outlook).. Implemented Security with Windows Firewall, Antivirus software, and browser hardening.. Troubleshot end user issues with windows, Malware, software updates and account creation.. Worked with the New York Life software team to adapt a modern standard for digitally download instead of CD-ROM distribution via mail service for software updates.. Contributed to revamping how new employees are trained and the streaming the information needed to learn the functions of the job.. Pushed for New York Life to standardize what computer hardware and Version of Windows agent should be buying to handle the modern software.. Using Pluralsight.com, I taught myself the basics of Help Desk Support with the CompTIA A+(801/802) training courses.. I learned the Must have knowledge for Network concepts and troubleshooting with the CompTIA Network+(N005) course.. Building on learning the basics for general computer and networking troubleshooting I learned the concepts of security with the CompTIA Security+(SY0-301) course.. CBTNuggets.com. I'm proficient at forms, critical thinking, and cisco.]
17108676, [I got my bachelor of science in mechanical engineering from university of california   city. As a Systems Engineering Intern, I worked from 05/2014 to 03/2015. And my major duty is Responsible for the operations of crystallization robotics and compound management.. Use automated instrumentation to support protein crystallization efforts.. Assist with daily order fulfillment (weighing and transferring research compounds).. Stock solution preparation and rotation. I'm proficient at graphics and design, engineer in training, and microsoft powerpoint.]
17488801, [I got my bachelor of science   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from rose   hulman institute of technology. As a Manufacturing Engineer Project Engineer, Sales Engineer Product Development Engineer, and Manufacturing Engineering Manager, I worked from April 1980 to May 2000. And my major duty is Managed a staff of up to 12 manufacturing engineers and technicians.. Department responsibilities included development and documentation of all manufacturing and inspection processes, vendor selection, product cost estimating, equipment justification, design and installation, tool and fixture design, and facility planning.. Member of the Technetics Quality Council, Material Review Board, and Management Corrective Action Board.. Chairman of the Statistical Process Control Committee.. Supervised development of manufacturing capabilities for machining, welding, brazing, heat treating, metal plating, adhesive bonding, and plasma spraying in compliance with a wide variety of commercial, aerospace, and government requirements.. Worked with equipment and service suppliers to develop new manufacturing processes for brush seals and other new products.. Supervised scheduling and daily activities of employees in the machine shop, seal ring, and brush seal manufacturing cells.. Provided designs and/or provided customers with design assistance for sintered metal fibers used for abradable turbine engine seals, acoustic treatments, thermal barriers, high temperature gaskets, and compliant spacers.. Collected and analyzed data for statistical process control and improvement.. Audited systems and processes for ISO 9000 compliance.. Developed operator and equipment test procedures for special process qualifications.. Justified and supervised installation of in-house CAD/CAM capabilities.. Managed an 18 month Just In Time implementation project with assistance from a team from Arthur Anderson Consultants.. This project was successful in reducing product lead times and work in process inventory by over 25% for stainless steel filter element manufacturing. I'm proficient at experience with autocad, iso and as auditing, and and various erp systems.]
23497307, [I got my bachelor of arts   communication in communication from oakland university. As a Sr. Traffic Coordinator Ad Manager, I worked from 02/2010 to 05/2015. And my major duty is Responsible for scheduling and ensuring commercial advertisements air on cable networks per client's contract.. Worked with clients and agencies to ensure ad copy and instructions are received and correct copy is ran; Inputs the titles of client advertisements into database and enters the instructions for ad airing.. Maximized billing opportunities by evaluating sold and scheduled inventory and adjusting commercial placement as needed.. Developed technical and systematic procedures to assist in the servicing of clients in addition to identifying problems and recommended solutions as needed.. Reviewed various documents for accuracy, and works with sales to resolve issues with changes or missing information against the initial advertising contract per client; Average client load 25. I'm proficient at leadership, possess strong written and verbal communication skills, and engineering projects.]
19553067, [I got my m   b   a   business administrator      american intercontinental university   city   state business administrator b   a   accounting in accounting from american intercontinental university. As a Project Accountant, I worked from Jul 2009 to Current. And my major duty is Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.. Provide weekly cash forecast for the Eastern Region.. Ensure accurate and timely billing for both external and internal customers.. Update project budgets for all projects assign to me.. Calculate and recognize revenue in accordance with US GAP for all projects.. Setup all aspects of new projects which includes budget, contract information and revenue recognition base on contract.. Perform month-end close procedures pertaining to billing, accounts receivable baddebt provisions and contingencies, journal entries and reconciling.. Monthly meeting with the Director of Operation in regards  to  project income statement.. ​ I'm proficient at cash flow, prime, and insurance.]
11981094, [I got my m   s   computer science in electronics and communication engineering from illinois institute of technology. As a Software Engineer, And my major duty is DPS acquired Star Media; Leitch acquired DPS in 2000).. Star Media, technology startup, created video editing software Velocity for post-production space, and developed projects include Project media management tools, Render Bank, and video effects. I'm proficient at team management, broadcast, and visual c.]
17043822, [I got my ba   business management in business management from west virginia state university city. As a Biomedical Equipment Technician II, I worked from 02/1980 to now.And my major duty is Provided repair service, preventive maintenance and electrical safety for over 250 different modalities of medical equipment, physiological monitoring systems and medical treatment devices.. Coordinated scheduled preventive maintenance work orders to be distributed to the biomedical technicians and developed pm completion reports for management.. Managed server/workstations, LAN and WLAN on different systems used in the diagnostic monitoring of the patients' physiological parameters. I'm proficient at wv, microsoft applications, and skilled in the operation of ms.]
21038022, [I got my b   s   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from university of phoenix college. As a Operations Group Manager, I worked from November 1981 to October 2011. And my major duty is Requirements and Competencies: Solid interpersonal skills and team orientation Comfortable in a Union and Non-Union work environment Strong analytical, technical and problem-solving skills Leadership skills, a comfort level with change, and the ability to lead change is essential and critical to this position Successful in a lean work environment Successful identifying and implementing best practices.. Primary Responsibilities: Direct supervision of multiple high-speed bottle lines, can lines and draught line.. Develop and monitor all critical control points to ensure consistency and quality of products Coordinate and schedule preventative maintenance work Coach employees, enforce safe working practices and maintain records Create a self-directed workforce Suggested reclaiming carbon-filtered water in our brewing process that reduced purchasing and water treatment charges of a 100,000 BBls of water per year, per plant.. Analyzed and restructured the roles and responsibilities of the Draught department employees resulting in reducing manpower on all three shifts, a total of 25%. I'm proficient at business objects, interpersonal skills, and websites.]
60004873, [I got my master of science in materials and metallurgical engineering from colorado school of mines. As a Primary Process Intern, I worked from June 2011 to August 2011. And my major duty is Provided assistance to technical operations, primary process, quality, and pilot plant.. Developed and performed a study on several quality issues.. Created a report with laboratory results that encompassed a solution to quality problems.. Produced a plan for a new expansion of the plant. I'm proficient at exploration, materials engineering, and pipeline.]
38220146, [I got my general diploma in penn state   city   state general diploma        faith christian from faith christian academy. As a Precision Machinist, I worked from January 1993 to January 1997. And my major duty is Completed the set up and operation of a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments.. Fabricated, modified and repaired mechanical instruments.. Fabricated and modified parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures.. Handled G-Code programming and metalworking on several varieties of CNC machinery.. Organized production control, work recording and measurement systems. I'm proficient at networks, cnc, and layout.]
47276718, [I got my ms   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from tulane university. As a Intern, I worked from June 2002 to August 2002.  I'm proficient at pro engineer, processes, and unigraphics.]
28630325, [I got my associate of science   software engineering in software engineering from milwaukee area technical college. As a Jr. Software Engineer, I worked from Dec 2005 to Dec 2006. And my major duty is Investigate tier 2 level issues. Perform maintenance level development changes. I'm proficient at php, objective c, and agile.]
13264796, [I got my master of science   management of technology in computer science from georgia institute of technology. As a Systems Operator, I worked from 01/1990 to now. I'm proficient at technical support, consulting, and insurance.]
96029688, [I got my master of science in automotive engineering from dayananda sagar college of engineering. As a Student Team Leader, I worked from 05/2018 to 12/2018. And my major duty is Raised $5,000+ for various student scholarship funds under WMU.. Coached fundraising techniques to 15 Student Ambassadors. I'm proficient at sharepoint, sstatistical data analysis, and ibm.]
32802563, [I got my b   s   degree in b   s from university of alabama. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 01/2015 to 01/2017. And my major duty is Ensure that customers receive excellent service through direct salesmanship and prompt and courteous service.. Open new accounts as a means of adding new clients.. Assist customers in finding merchandise.. Deliver results on departmental/store event goals.. Maintain floor standards including replenishment.. Present product features and benefits in a knowledgeable way.. Assist customers with purchase decisions.. Handle monetary transactions between customer and retail store.. Handle customer related issues. I'm proficient at sharepoint costpoint, sharepoint, and processes.]
18753367, [I got my  in aeronautics from enterprise community college. As a Provisioning Analyst, And my major duty is Analyzes technical data and reports to determine spares and support equipment provisioning requirements.. Reviews site survey results and letters of offer and acceptance and formulates specific recommendations for spare/repair parts and support equipment.. Originate support plans for offer to potential customers and provide technical assistance to existing customer personnel.. Review BOM (Bill of Material) to ensure contractual obligations are met.. Review drawing revisions for BOM and manufacturing changes. I'm proficient at sharepoint, leadership, and processes.]
26456899, [I got my bachelor of science degree in electronics and communication engineering technology from itt technical institute. As a Driver/Mall specialist, I worked from Jan 2001 to Jan 2009. And my major duty is Drive and maintain a 30 ft.. pumper truck.. Interact and service customers on a daily basis.. Handled complicated machinery constantly. I'm proficient at plumbing, dvd, and transmission.]
10985403, [I got my master   s in mechanical   aerospace engineering from narsee monjee institute of management studies. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at optistruct, welding and d printing, and autodesk inventor.]
10030015, [I got my associates   applied science electronics engineering in applied science electronics engineering from forsyth technical community college. As a Munitions Systems Journeyman, I worked from Mar 2003 to Mar 2007. And my major duty is Responsible for certifying small arms, actuation devices, bombs, rockets and other munitions items.. Supervised work crews of 3-5 men while supporting USAF aircraft during Operation Enduring Freedom.. Assembled rockets, bombs, and small arms for Operation Enduring Freedom.. Train newly assigned personnel at Line Delivery section on transporting, loading, and delivering munitions to aircraft. I'm proficient at hydraulic testing, lean s, and mechanical.]
86209934, [I got my bachelor of science in science pre   engineering from north hennepin community college. As a Manager and Site Supervisor, I worked from Jan 1991 to Jan 1997. And my major duty is Designed, built, and managed the construction of Renaissance Fairs, theaters, and large seasonal displays for malls.. Responsible for determining physical loads specifications and certifying construction for commercial structures at state and local levels.. Managed teams of individuals in the construction of large, multi-material structures. I'm proficient at engineer, staffing, and general ledger.]
11890896, [I got my master of business administration in mathematical engineering from san francisco state university. As a Account Manager and Logistics Analyst, I worked from 07/2007 to now.And my major duty is Managed customer accounts in different industries to ensure on time delivery of shipments for import and export operations.. Supervised and trained new users for procurement and warehouse management system. I'm proficient at leadership, esl students, and operations management.]
10624813, [I got my m   s   computer science in computer science from union college. As a Software Engineer, I worked from January 1989 to January 1993.  I'm proficient at enterprise, php, and networks.]
61579998, [I got my bachelor of science   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from university of central florida. As a Physics Consultant, I worked from December 2009 to May 2010. And my major duty is Developed a physics model of water flow and pressure against human muscle proving water pressure can cause shearing of female reproductive muscles during watercraft accidents by calculating the amount of stress on the muscle created by the high velocity fluid entering the female reproductive system I'm proficient at epdm, tolerances, and unigraphics.]
62071407, [I got my bachelor of science in mechanical engineering from louisiana tech university. As a Electrical/Electronic Technician, I worked from 01/1990 to now.And my major duty is Repaired all electrical/electronic systems onboard navy ships including controllers, instrumentation and PLC's for power plant of 3.5 Giga watts and maintained FT4, FT12, and 750 Kw gas turbines.. Mentored/trained junior personal Planned corrective and preventive maintenance for onboard electrical systems.. Maintained Reverse Osmosis distillation and Electro Catalytic sewer treatment plants.. In charge of preventive and corrective maintenance on IPC/PLC electronic switchboards, HVAC, Fire suppression, liquid level management systems and all domestic equipment. I'm proficient at citrix, failure analysis, and bc.]
12472574, [I got my electrical engineering in management from technion university bs   electrical engineering city   il                   bs electrical engineering   technion university. As a Software Quality Assurance, I worked from March 1993 to September 1997. And my major duty is Day-Timer Organizer 2.0 for Windows 3.1/3.11 personal manager with advanced features (works with Day-Timer brand name paper of different format).-personal manager with advanced features (works with Day-Timer brand name paper of different format). Test Client/Server Application - database application developed for non-profit organization (Clients, donators, employees, events, etc.). The database was developed in MS Access and MS Visual Basic. It runs under Windows 95. Test functionality of the application creating, modifying and deleting records. Provide regression, acceptance, unit and integration testing. Create and execute cases for regression testing of designating areas of testing. Develop automated test suites utilizing QA Partner 3.5, emphasized testing of the features such as Printing Envelopes and Labels, User Preferences, Startup Screen. Entered bugs into Lotus Notes bug tracking database, verified bugs I'm proficient at wap, training, and telephones.]
31694970, [I got my master of science in industrial and manufacturing engineering from university of texas arlington city. As a Manufacturing Quality Engineer, I worked from 01/2005 to now.And my major duty is Performed inspections, checks, tests, and sampling procedures of incoming materials, sub assemblies or finished company products according to standards and specifications, and documentation of results in NCR and QC reports.. Reduced quality issues by 25% during FY05 for critical machine components by developing root cause analysis and implementing corrective/preventive actions (CAPA).. Conducted and documented process, environmental and quality control system audits and creation of audit finding reports using written procedures, ISO 90001 and ISO 14001 as audit standards. I'm proficient at grinders, processes, and languages.]
33685075, [I got my master of science in physics and biology from colby college. As a Graduate Research Assistant, I worked from September 2000 to July 2002. And my major duty is Designed, built, and tested an apparatus for producing sol-gel based DNA hybridization arrays.. Developed and troubleshot instrumentation for controlling pad size and placement within an array.. Developed a sol-gel production protocol to provide specific pore size and flow characteristics for use in capillary chromatography.. Created aerogel samples, conducted compression testing, and measured the internal surface area. I'm proficient at manufacturing yield improvement, coaching, and automation.]
77828437, [I got my master of science in mechanical engineering from university at buffalo. As a Mechanical Engineering Intern, I worked from 06/2011 to now.And my major duty is Opportunity to learn more about Fixed and Rotary Wing Aircraft Engines and their thermodynamics Exposed to different kinds of turbo machines for e.g.. Gas Turbines, and the application of the concepts of fluid mechanics and heat transfer to their working The training also involved a know-how of Avionics and Accessories and MRO (Manufacture, Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul) Activities Hands-on experience with Lathe, Drill, Mill and CNC Machine.I worked from 08/2014 to now.And my major duty is Sponsored by New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) as a part of advance innovative energy solutions Reviewed the existing literature on the different pyrolysis models used to characterize biomass Performed heating experiments using a DSC-TGA to study the pyrolysis of BioBlock Using TGA, calculated the kinetic parameters like activation energy and rate constant from the obtained mass v/s temperature and derivative of mass loss v/s temperature curves Determined the heat of pyrolysis and specific heat using the heat flow v/s temperature and derivative of heat flow v/s temperature curve obtained from the DSC Finally, created a decomposition model based on the experimental results Solving Non-Linear Euler Equation for Gas Dynamics using CFD tools, November 2014 ­ December 2014 Solution for the Euler equation for Gas Dynamics was obtained using First Order Lax Friedrich Scheme, Runge ­ Kutta Fourth Order ­ TVD Scheme and Lax Wendroff Method Fundamental properties of the schemes were compared and discussed in detail Solution obtained by each numerical method was presented along with a conclusion on which of the 3 methods was more accurate Numerical solution to the Prandtl-Glauert equation for inviscid, non-heat conducting perfect gas free flow, September 2014 ­ October 2014 In this project, the Wave Equation is solved using two different numerical methods, namely Successive Over- Relaxation and Alternating Direction Grid generation is discussed in detail and results obtained using analytical as well as numerical methods were compared FBG Sensors in Oil/Gas Permanent Downhole Measurement Applications, January 2014 ­ May 2014 Analyzed how FBG Sensors are used for Permanent Downhole Measurement Applications Studied the sensing mechanism of FBG Sensors Summarized the/ findings in the form of report and power point presentation Closed-Ended Oscillating Heat Pipe, October 2011 Presented a seminar on Closed-Ended Oscillating Heat Pipe as a part of coursework Discussed in detail the basic concepts, principle of operation, advantages, limitations and unique applications of the non-conventional heat pipe. I'm proficient at engineer, direction, and scheme.]
35172961, [I got my ph   d   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from national central university taiwan mechanical engineering. As a Graduate Researcher, I worked from January 2003 to January 2005.  I'm proficient at edge, documentation, and mechanical.]
21629057, [I got my associate of applied science in associate of applied science from central maine community college. As a Operations Specialist, I worked from Jun 1980 to Mar 1982. And my major duty is USS Belknap CG-26 Air Intercept Control, Anti submarine warfare operator.. Skills Used.. preventive maintenance, operate radar and communications equipment, Naval Tactical Data Systems operator. I'm proficient at engineer, broadcast, and technical plan execution aptitude.]
15906625, [I got my bachelor   accounting in accounting from northwestern state university of louisiana city. As a Accountant, I worked from Jan 2003 to now.And my major duty is Prepared individual, partnership, corporate & fiduciary tax returns.. Audited governmental, for-profit and not for profit entities.. Utilized accounting software to issue tax returns and prepare consolidated reports.. Upheld strict confidentiality protocols with all client details and tax return information. I'm proficient at microsoft word, advanced bookkeeping skills, and banner finance.]
30361788, [I got my bba   accountancy in bba   accountancy from haworth college of business. As a Package Handler, I worked from Aug 2007 to Sep 2010. And my major duty is Earned Employee of the Month on multiple occasions for customer focus and taking initiative. I'm proficient at continuous initiative for process improvement, advanced computer skills, and works great with others.]
21031285, [I got my masters of science   accounting in accounting from prairie view a   m university. As a Accountant /Auditor, And my major duty is Served as both an accountant and auditor within the department of financial services.. The role consisted of utilizing software applications to compile, retrieve, and summarize accounting information for analysis and reporting purposes.. Examined accounting source documents for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with departmental and state rules, regulations, and agreements.. Provided financial trainings for over 240 faculty and staff employees to enforce the rules and regulations of the procurement card set by set the State of Texas procurement regulation.. Maintained controlling records required to ensure accuracy of all data entered into the accounting system.. Identified and reported situations not in compliance with PVAMU internal controls, policies, and procedures, recommending improvements to the accounting process to optimize internal control.. Performed duties in compliance with GAAP, company and department policies and procedures, internal controls and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.. Reviewed expense report for irregularities and recommended corrective measures to improve internal controls.. Prepared adjusting and closing entries, statements, and analyze financial operations. I'm proficient at business objects, gl, and ledger.]
25749150, [I got my bachelor of arts in accounting from university of hartford. As a Patient Financial Representative, I worked from June 2006 to June 2016. And my major duty is Recorded and filed patient data and medical records.. Carefully reviewed medical records for accuracy and completion as required by insurance companies.. Acquired insurance authorizations for procedures and tests ordered by the attending physician.. Accurately entered procedure codes, diagnosis codes and patient information into billing software.. Consistently ensured proper coding, sequencing of diagnoses and procedures.. Appropriately and correctly identified errors and re-filed denied/rejected claims as they were received from the Patient Account Representative.. Thoroughly reviewed remittance codes from EOBS/AR's.. Completed appeals and filed and submitted claims.. Posted charges, payments and adjustments.. Carefully prepared, reviewed and submitted patient statements.. Ensured timely and accurate charge submission through electronic charge capture, including the billing and account receivables (BAR) system and clearing house.. Thoroughly investigated past due invoices and minimized number of unpaid accounts. I'm proficient at medical terminology, gff, and book.]
12338274, [I got my mba   finance finance in finance finance from vidyasagar university. As a Account Assistant, And my major duty is Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.. Maintaining Accounts on daily basis up to finalization, Follow up  Accounts receivables and daily reporting to the Management,  Preparation of  Inventory Reports, Sales Invoices , Purchase Invoices  and all accounting Vouchers of debit & credit.. Sep' 2K- Sep'01		Digital Vish Computers, Udaipur (Raj.) India.. Maintaining Cash books and Journal book and reconciliation of bank  accounts, Preparation of Cash Vouchers & handle petty cash, Daily  routine banking works etc. I'm proficient at finance, book, and cost analysis.]
33527446, [I got my bachelor of arts in accounting mathematics computer science from university of northern iowa. As a Staff Accountant, And my major duty is Bank with headquarters in Minneapolis, MN that later merged with Wells Fargo & Co.. Responsible for the preparation of month-end financial statements, quarterly Call Reports and internal     reports.. Balanced or monitored the balancing of all subsidiary ledgers to general ledger on a monthly basis.. Reviewed income and expense accounts for proper classification.. Wrote BASIC computer programs.. Participated in the bank's business development program. I'm proficient at ibm, as, and meticulous attention to detail.]
12442909, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from strayer university. As a Patient Service Representative, I worked from Jun 2012 to Nov 2016. And my major duty is Consistently build positive report with patients while accurately and efficiently registering in a timely manner.. Perform daily administrative duties including: cash management and internal quality assurance.. Insurance processing and communication.. Patient account resolution and billing assistance.. Provide Preliminary assessment of patient health.. Serve as liaison between patients and medical providers.. Mentor new employees on company policies and practices.. Develop and implement client service techniques to better serve both the patient and corporate needs.. Compliance and comprehension of HIPPA regulations.. Effectively prioritize tasks ]
37997506, [I got my mba in accounting from haramaya university. As a Accountant, I worked from Feb 2007 to Sep 2008. And my major duty is Ensured that financial transactions are recorded as per the chart of accounts and with proper source documents Followed up annual budget/cash flow Controlled the timely disbursement and settlement of different expenses Ensured that procurements are made as per procurement protocols Prepared checks and initiate bank reconciliation Prepared payroll and prepared income and other government tax payment Controlled petty cash and availability of cash on hand for daily activity Record financial transactions per World Vision chart of accounts & document them Record grant projects financial activities; expense settlement & produce grant financial report Record fixed Assets per World Vision policies and facilitate annual inventory of project inventories Make ready financial documents for internal & external audit. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and financial report.]
37370455, [I got my bachelor of science   finance in finance from oklahoma state university. As a Accounts Executive Junior Executive, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Industry: General Trading. Salary	MYR 2,800. Prepare full set of accounts (GL, AR, AP), financial statement, monthly sales analysis, management report, daily and monthly cash flow, payroll for management staff.. Month end closing and reconcile of financial accounts, generating daily invoices and monthly intercompany billing and reconciliation.. Supervise Accounts Payable and Receivable Officer.. Reconcile bank statement, apply and monitor trade finance facilities (banker acceptance and letter of credit). I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and gl.]
10554236, [I got my bachelors degree in accounting from husson college. As a Supervisor, Accounts Control Branch, I worked from June 1993 to June 1994. And my major duty is I directed/supervised the accomplishment of all financial reports and statements.. I was responsible for the completeness and accuracy of weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual reports.. Monitored errors in the General Accounting and Finance System (GAFS/BQ) and ensured corrective actions were accomplished.. I also ensured fund balances were reconciled to the appropriate audit listings and verified reports prior to release to base activities and higher headquarters.. I furnished accounting data to base organizations often interpreting and analyzing the data to help funds managers resolve problems and manage their programs more effectively.. I attended Major Command (MAJCOM) and Headquarters level workshops to participate and contribute to accounting policy and system changes.. I provided professional assistance to Data Automation relevant to processing of accounting and finance data, interpreting deficiencies in software based on output products and system related problems.. I utilized my working knowledge of commercial and government accounting system principles and knowledge of Processing Centers (PCs) to review, verify, analyze, and evaluate accounting and finance operations.. While serving as Chief, Account Control I ensured areas of concern were addressed, concentrating on problem areas related to the database.. I analyzed computer output products to determine processing deficiencies.. They included, but were not limited to, the Open Document Listing (ODL), Operating Budget Ledger (OBL), Allotment Ledger (AL), and the Accounting and Finance Workload Information Management System (A&F WIMS) Extract list.. I provided technical assistance related to policy and procedural.. changes required as a result of the impending base closure.. Analyzed/developed and recommended improved training procedures enabling better use of system procedures ensuring governing directives were followed.. I evaluated accuracy of accounting records prior to fiscal year closeout ensuring the Accounting and Finance Officer could certify their accuracy as required by regulation.. Examined accounting transactions and documents to ensure they conformed to established accounting policy and principles.. Coordinated and directed fiscal year end conversion for the GAFS and Integrated Accounts Payable System (IAPS). I'm proficient at accounting general accounting accounts payable program management.]
31602598, [I got my bachelor of arts   supply chain management in supply chain management from scott community college. As a Senior Accountant, I worked from July 1998 to November 2006. And my major duty is Prepared financial reports, developed budgets, and performed variance analysis in accordance with business plan for senior management including team/project leaders.. Prepared financial reports that included development of monthly/annual financial schedules and budgets including cost center and project specific as well as inception-to-date.. Oversee general accounting functions, including inter-company invoicing to Parent and other affiliates, AP for Technology Center, account reconciliation, and fixed assets.. Responsible for all commercial insurance policies all of SAI. I'm proficient at various others, libra, and sam.]
19545827, [I got my master of arts   christian education dallas theological seminary   city   state   us master of arts in christian education in economics from hocking technical college. As a Accountant, I worked from January 1999 to January 2000. And my major duty is Full Charge Bookkeeper/Accountant for a start-up Internet Telephone Company. Entered daily GL transactions. Supervised the Accounts Payable clerk. Worked with the Assistant Controller to establish and manage the Accounting functions related to all Sales aspects of the business. Assisted with month end reconciliations. Reconciled cash balance reports for five bank accounts on a daily basis and assisted in the managing of these accounts. Other duties included writing Accounting procedures for Accounts Payable and Cash Management. I'm proficient at the accounting, gl, and training.]
14470533, [I got my a   a     business management   accounting in business management   accounting from treasure valley community college. As a Secretary/Bookkeeper, And my major duty is Hired to provide word processing functions for firm which include typing, proofing and audit reports and client tax returns. Train for client bookkeeping services (payroll, general ledger, A/P, A/R, and prepare monthly financial statements) I'm proficient at and account, as, and training.]
43685045, [I got my bachelor of arts   real estate   finance in real estate   finance from university of northern iowa. As a Government Collections Representative, I worked from November 2004 to August 2008. And my major duty is Involved with the initial startup of the department, creating and implementing policies and procedures to ensure Government regulations were met. Performed team lead position consisting of a 15+ employee team. Worked a self-managed portfolio consisting of 300 - 800 accounts. Primary focus included Small Business Administration loans, and outstanding debts from the Department of Homeland Security, Department of Defense and the Department of Health & Human Services. Consistent top achiever and performer. Helped to develop, implement and maintain policies, procedures and standards on training new associates. Advised and provided customers with account detail, payment history, loan refinance, etc.. Analyzed credit history and finances to determine risk to the client. Negotiated repayment of defaulted loans within government guidelines. Employment location and verification for litigation and wage garnishment purposes. Asset investigation and location for potential judgments I'm proficient at gl, finance, and cogs.]
18365791, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from kaplan university. As a Store Manager, And my major duty is Created training manuals targeted at resolving even the most difficult customer issues.Successfully managed the activities of [number] team members in multiple locations.Monitored the daily activities of [number] customer support teams.Interviewed, hired and trained new quality customer service representatives. I'm proficient at factiva, desktop publishing software photoshop, and accounts receivable professional.]
14224370, [I got my bachelor   s degree   accounting in accounting from university of houston. As a Tax Accountant, And my major duty is Played a vital role in the growth of the company by introducing new clients and maintaining good relationship with existing ones Prepared individual and business tax returns Assisted in preparing corporate tax returns Prepared quarterly and annually payroll reports 940s & 941s and state sales taxes  Reconciled monthly bank statements and prepared detailed financial statements Handled customer queries over the phone and through emails. I'm proficient at prepare tax, general ledger, and taxes.]
21794875, [I got my masters   accounting in accounting university of florida   city   state   us bachelor   business administration from miami dade college. As a Bookkeeper/Accountant, I worked from Jan 1994 to Current. And my major duty is Recorded a wide variety of transactions to the Quick Books Software program including: Charts of Accounts classifications;. Accounts Receivable: invoicing and processing payments; recording deposits to bank accounts and downloading bank transactions; initiating standard accounting and customized reports. Reconciliation of all cash/bank accounts; assured accuracy of all transactions posted to bank; researched discrepancies. OTHER DUTIES: Opened mail and prepared deposits to the bank; c. reated monthly and annual financial reports;. input accounting information to create tax returns I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, analytical, and outlook.]
23734441, [I got my ms   accounting in accounting from university of maryland university college. As a Staff Accountant, And my major duty is Supervisor, Eva Haynes, (703) 341-5083; Hrs.. per week: 40, Reviewed and analyzed vendor bills and employee expense reports for accuracy and entered data into Great Plains accounting system to be tracked and paid timely Verified that expenditures follow the policies for purchasing and travel; ensured that expenditures were recorded against the appropriate accounts and followed generally accepted accounting principles Verified that adequate budgeted funds were available for payments and scheduled the issuance of accounts payable checks Reviewed and analyzed detailed monthly expenditures reports for each department, prepared adjusting entries as required and audited reports for coding errors and duplicate payments Assisted in general ledger functions which include various journal entries, accounts payable and accounts receivable reconciliation of general ledger accounts at month-end closing Created a biweekly payroll report spreadsheet to review and analysis prior to sending  payroll integration file to a third party management company Participate in year-end audit compilation; analyzed and interpreted actual versus budget variance reporting and forecasting Reconciled bank statements and matched supporting bank deposits and cash receipts related to monthly statements Managed the payment schedule for insurance and tax escrow accounts for twenty (20) properties. I'm proficient at cash flow, gl, and attorney.]
39115899, [I got my bachelor of science business economics in business economics from pennsylvania state university city. As a Freight Planning Contact, And my major duty is Provided export documents for the DuPont International hazardous department Coordinated logistic arrangements, port-to-port, port to point, and point to point Managed clients' travel arrangements to South America, Europe, and Asia Conducted itinerary changes for clients from port to destination points Coordinated logistic arrangements, providing customer services and timely communications Responded to and resolved request or inquiries from internal and external teams. I'm proficient at speaking, as, and processes.]
23139819, [I got my master of business administration in accountancy from parkland college. As a General Manager, And my major duty is Management of a 124-room property with primary responsibility on the overall hotel operation.. Responsible for managing up to 25 employees including hiring, coaching new employees, evaluating employees' performance and assisting with employee's goals.. Prepare and review company payroll, account receivable and account payable.. Responsible for setting-up a new direct bill application.. In-charge in getting a prompt payment from clients on time and reviewing night audit reports.. Analyze and determine company's revenue by using yields management system, star report and area's trend.. Review and balance daily report and prepare bank deposit.. Bank reconciliation, credit card charge back.. Analyze and determine business requirements in the area of cost control, purchasing and reporting   requirements.. Maximize revenue and minimize cost.. Work well with upper management to determine company's key requirements and goal.. Provide recommendation on business development and problem solving.. Assist with in house sales, networking, and property tour to maximize occupancy.. Maintain existing business by developing customer relation, providing an excellent service and customer appreciation.. Work well with clients for new business. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and insurance.]
42487883, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting and information management university of texas at dallas bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from university of texas at dallas. As a Accounting Assistant, I worked from 03/2005 to 12/2006. And my major duty is Prepared and input daily and monthly journal entries into general ledger.. Analyzed and reviewed expense reports for accuracy.. Performed monthly balance sheet reconciliations.. Recorded monthly and yearly accruals.. Input new vendors and invoices into accounting system; conducted weekly check runs.. Prepared daily cash reports and performed transfers as needed.. Managed bank accounts for 24 properties; Performed intercompany transfers as needed I'm proficient at netsuite quickbooks cognos impromptu jdedwards as sage fas fixed assets bna fixed assets businessobjects crystal reports currently sap crystal reports hyperion essbase.]
23636277, [I got my certified public accountant in certified public accountant from university of mumbai   state   india mar      llb   law city india law labor laws   constitutional law   contract act   environmental law   interpretation of statues   public intern   ational law   business law   company law   intellectual property rights   company secretary jun        dec      courses   company law   economic laws   tax laws   cost   management accounting   information technology   systems audit   corporate restructuring   valuation   drafting   financial   treasury   forex management   labor law   secretarial audit   due diligence   institute of company secretaries of india   icsi     state   india mar      bachelors   commerce university of mumbai. As a Accountant, And my major duty is Reconciled journal entries & lead as coordinator with the internal audit team.. Worked on Merger/Amalgamation, prepared agenda, notice, annual reports to compile Annual Account Prepared balance sheets & Income statement of various group companies.. Worked as a liaison officer for Stock Exchange, Bankers, Solicitors & other external regulators/government bodies for mergers/acquisitions, agreements, dematerialization of shares.. Worked as a legal member in preparation of Code of Conduct for a company & Drafting Agreements.. Interacting with clients to resolve their complex issues & guide on tax planning & business valuations.. Worked as a Support Officer to redress investor grievances.. Worked as a team leader in preparation of MIS Reports /control charts for shareholding pattern & directorship details for Foreign Companies. I'm proficient at finance, ledger, and closing.]
21338490, [I got my master in accountancy in accounting from walsh college. As a Staff Accountant Finance manager, I worked from January 1996 to January 2000. And my major duty is Ensure an accurate and timely monthly, quarterly and year end close.. Prepares working papers and coordinate all audit activity Provide guidance of all accounting processes including billing, A/R, A/P, GL.. Fixed Assets and Revenue/Expense recognition Controller the daily banking requirements.. Supports budget and forecasting activities.. Provide training to new and existing staff as needed. I'm proficient at payables, finance, and gl.]
14491649, [I got my master of business administration accounting in accounting from devry university. As a General Ledger Specialist, I worked from 05/2001 to 02/2009. And my major duty is Post daily journal entries to general ledger.. Reconciled fixed asset accounts and other balance sheet accounts.. Reconciled teller daily balance sheets and prepares summary worksheet Prepared weekly FR2900 Regulation D Federal Reserve Requirement Report.. Assisted in the month-end close and year-end close Analyze and correct all bank account reconciliations Execute wire transfers Assist with interim & annual audit.. Perform other job-related duties and special projects. I'm proficient at finance, ledger, and microsoft powerpoint.]
17407184, [I got my master of science   education in accounting from college of arts   science   and technology. As a Online Course Instructor, I worked from January 1993 to January 1995.  I'm proficient at payables, finance, and instructor.]
30813919, [I got my CLS  what is your degree  SEP in CLS from hmrc staff college. As a Senior Tax Clerk, I worked from Dec 1991 to Jan 1997. And my major duty is Maintained taxpayer files.. Issued tax clearance certificates.. Provided first point of contact for taxpayers requiring assistance. I'm proficient at problem solver, it skill, and customer service.]
78403342, [I got my bachelor of science in general studies from cecil county community college. As a Trust Control Reconciliation Specialist, I worked from November 1999 to November 2004. And my major duty is Process and reconciles a variety of securities and cash related transactions.. Identified, research and resolve processing errors, and take necessary actions to balance differences.. Responsible for creating general ledgers and daily balancing of activity in trust accounts.. Ensured proper safekeeping of bank and customer assets.. Recognized and proactively address risk associated with consumer compliance and fair lending. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and closing.]
20393721, [I got my master of science   taxation in accounting from hunter college. As a Restaurant Operations Manager, I worked from September 1996 to March 2004. And my major duty is Managed business operations in overseeing the workforce through training, developing, hiring, terminating, and retention of the employees Maintained the business organizational structure in the initiation, ratification, implementation, and monitoring the decision management processes Implemented customer satisfaction through customer interactions and an intuitive approach to each customer's standards Increased revenue by up to 20% through social networking with customers and resolving any issues by meeting their demands promptly Maintained hybrid accounting for cash, A/R, A/P, services, revenue, expenses, depreciation, inventory supplies and replenishments, payroll records, equipment, liquor license (noncurrent asset amortization), financial statement reports, bank and credit card transactions along with the reconciliations, and restated any errors to accounts immediately upon discovery and analysis. I'm proficient at cost accounting i, calbench, and power pivot.]
24817041, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from texas a   m commerce. As a Assistant, And my major duty is Maintain Excel spreadsheets. I'm proficient at process payroll, spreadsheets, and accounts payable.]
27980446, [I got my b   s   business administration accounting in business administration accounting from montclair state college. As a Full Charge Bookkeeper, I worked from 01/1993 to 01/1995.  I'm proficient at cash flow, insurance, and processes.]
25462793, [I got my certified public accountant in accounting accounting from university of colorado at boulder. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from January 2006 to October 2006. And my major duty is Maintained general ledger for multiple clients Prepared journal entries and adjusting journal entries Responsible for monthly reconciliations Prepared financial statement compilations Prepared individual income tax returns Calculated and prepared monthly payroll deposits Prepared quarterly and annual payroll reports for multiple clients Prepared annual Form 1099 for multiple clients Assisted in preparation of financial and operating reports. I'm proficient at cash flow, gl, and processes.]
29456173, [I got my masters of science   accounting in accounting from prairie view a   m university. As a Accountant /Auditor, I worked from Jan 2010 to Feb 2012. And my major duty is Served as both an accountant and auditor within the department of financial services.. The role consisted of utilizing software applications to compile, retrieve, and summarize accounting information for analysis and reporting purposes.. Examined accounting source documents for accuracy, completeness, and compliance with departmental and state rules, regulations, and agreements.. Provided financial trainings for over 240 faculty and staff employees to enforce the rules and regulations of the procurement card set by set the State of Texas procurement regulation.. Maintained controlling records required to ensure accuracy of all data entered into the accounting system.. Identified and reported situations not in compliance with PVAMU internal controls, policies, and procedures, recommending improvements to the accounting process to optimize internal control.. Performed duties in compliance with GAAP, company and department policies and procedures, internal controls and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.. Reviewed expense report for irregularities and recommended corrective measures to improve internal controls.. Prepared adjusting and closing entries, statements, and analyze financial operations. I'm proficient at business objects, gl, and ledger.]
59403481, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of phoenix. As a Accountant / Executive Assistant, I worked from 01/2005 to 12/2007. And my major duty is Complete accounting, bookkeeping, company payroll and office management, for a Bio Medical Research firm.. All aspects of office management including but not limited to, phones, fax, filing, emails, ordering of supplies, customer service, etc.. Accounting responsibilities included AP/AR, general ledger, and account reconciliation, financial reports, with a special interest in research, "clean up", and organization.. Ensured accurate documentation was kept to meet any/all legal requirements.. Kept full minutes, within bylaw guidelines, of meetings and proposed policies and practices.. Maintained corporate records and full filled any/all requirements of directors and officers, as well any other duties that arose. I'm proficient at engineer, superior attention to detail, and accounting operations professional.]
13491889, [I got my bba   administration in management from university of phoenix. As a Account Consultant,  I'm proficient at supervising, general ledger accounting, and benefit and compensation.]
25846894, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting   finance in accounting   finance from university of south carolina. As a Project Accountant, And my major duty is Closed and compiled monthly financial reporting packages for management and owners of residential developments.. Performed monthly account reconciliations and monitored general ledger transactions.. Consistently met deadlines while demonstrating strong analytical and problem-solving skills to achieve corporate objectives.. Prepared audit papers to several different audit firms such as Deloitte & Touche.. Report packages included cash flow statements and a written explanation of variance analysis.. AIMCO owns or operates multi-family properties in numerous states nationwide. I'm proficient at cash flow, accounting management, and abc.]
53640713, [I got my master of business administration in finance and marketing from icfai university. As a November, I worked from 04/2009 to 01/2009. And my major duty is Focus mall is the Real estate company and first premium shopping mall in kerala with leading brand retail outlet.. As An Administrator responsible for providing Accounting clerical support of the team and coordinating the Administration department.. Job Responsibilities.. Handling of update tasks to ledgers and carried out journal entries transaction, customer ledger, cash receipts.. Providing financial, administrative and clerical services in order to ensure effective, efficient and accurate financial and administrative operations.. Provide support to staff on the production of timesheets, travel claims, orders and any other relevant.. To assist and and coordinating Promotional activities within in the mall.. Updates daily, weekly, monthly Report to Management.. Prepares statement of accounts and follow up collections.. Prepares cheques and official receipts Coordinated monthly timesheet for payroll functions Maintaining employee files and the HR filing system Reconcile merchant statement of account with company records.. Responsible in documentation and other general office duties.. Page 2 of 3          Shameeh CV TAX MATTERS- Auditing& Tax Consulting Firm          INDIA Job Role/Department          :      Accountant Trainee /Finance Duration          :      2005 May to 2006 April Tax matters Provides full range of audit and accounting services in accordance with international standards including auditing, taxation and other Financial consulting services to dynamic businesses of all sizes.. Working with a wide range of businesses, charities, social enterprises, , sole traders, high net worth individuals Job Responsibilities.. Preparation of day books.. Bank reconciliation.. Stock estimation.. Two way comparison).. Income and expense entries into the accounting system.. Maintained ledgers and accounting records.. Petty cash verification and vouching of accounts by verifying the nature and authenticity of expenses.. Verify calculations and input codes in to the Accounts system in an accurate manner.. Entering vendor invoices, paying bills and creating invoices for its clients.. Fixed asset update. I'm proficient at wise, finance, and ledger.]
11163645, [I got my computer applications specialist certificate in computer applications specialist from martinez adult education. As a Claims Examiner, I worked from January 1983 to January 2001. And my major duty is Trained coworkers on multiple tasks and administrative functions.. Reviewed medical records and made decisions regarding disability payments.. Performed data entry.. Created, designed and maintained various insurance documents which complied with Truth and Lending regulations.. Responded to and resolved all customer inquiries via telecommunications and written correspondence.. Developed and maintained measures of self-directed team performance which improved workflow.. Consistently exceeded company goal of required number of paid claims per hour.. Performed journal entries and ledger postings.. Reconciled bank statements, budget accounts, and accounts receivable/payable records.. Rapidly promoted from Level I to Level III within a one-year period due to excellent work performance. I'm proficient at enterprise, ledger, and insurance.]
23513618, [I got my master of business administration in accounting from robert morris university. As a Trading Assistant, I worked from 01/1996 to 01/1999. And my major duty is a joint venture created in 2003 by the former Nissho Iwai American Corporation.. Metal One America is a supply chain management focused on steel and steel-related products.. Services include global material sourcing, logistics coordination, trade finance, and program management.. Prepared reports, analyzed, and audited internal billing, while coordinating deliveries with accuracy and great attention to detail.. Maintained high level of customer satisfaction through business communications with international subsidiaries in Mexico and Japan in the preparation of documentation of import and export shipments.. Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.. Improved customer service satisfaction annually through streamlined inventory system operations by performing thorough inventory tracking.. Designed and implemented cost controls to improve profitability.. Negotiated contracts, including delivery point, terms, price, and export and import duty. I'm proficient at finance, enterprise, and insurance.]
75286906, [I got my bachelor of science in accountancy from city university of new york   brooklyn college. As a Assistant Bookkeeper, I worked from September 1999 to November 2002. And my major duty is Assist with payroll processing.. Assist with accounts payable/accounts receivable.. Prepare and verify bank deposits, balancing receipts and sending cash, checks or other terms of payment.. Maintain organizations record keeping.. Price or re-price merchandise as necessary.. Handle merchandise returns and exchanges within company guidelines.. Customer service, both on the sales floor and in assigned departments.. Complete daily paperwork within company guidelines. I'm proficient at gl, enterprise, and closing.]
20253563, [I got my bachelor of science degree in accounting from university of kerala india accounting. As a Accountant, And my major duty is Conducted analysis to address. [issue]. which led to. [positive outcome]. .. Increased sales by 17% over a two-year period.. Provided onsite training.. Monitored multiple databases to keep track of all company inventory.. Successfully led key projects which resulted in. [positive outcome]. .. Checked the E-_mail every day and responded, written interaction with brokers, bank, treasury operations, and within the financial department.. Documented receipt of data and checks received and documents and evaluates results and finalize utilizing the accounting system.. Deposited all checks received in financial department to the bank on a daily basis, and maintained   log for further verification and follow up.. Handled all cash receipts, wire transfers ,and  ACH,  entered in accounting system, and   distributed   to accountants for cash applications.. Prepared   journal   entries   for foreign wire transfers and foreign cash receipts and send    processes through   treasury operations.. Generated cash receipt journal on daily   and   monthly   basis, and maintain files with supporting documentation in accordance with company policy and for auditing purpose.. Investigated and cleared any outstanding accounts receivable through bank, treasury      department for yearend closings in smoothly and timely manner.. Communicated to brokers, bank, treasury operations and accountants for any discrepancies through phone, E-mail, and correspondence   and rectified.. Performed bank reconciliations monthly.. Resolved and met   any queries with in the financial department, and help to clear open cash receipts by providing receipt number and supporting documentation in a timely manner.. Accounts Payable duties:.. Handled   and processed    all accounts payable checks through treasury operations and mailed          with supporting documentation on a daily   basis.. Recorded all accounts payable transactions, in accounting system and distributed to accountants   for cash applications with in the financial department.. Processed all outgoing wire transfers requested by accountants in a timely manner, through treasury operations and entered   for cash applications.. Generated cash disbursement journal on a daily and monthly basis, and file with supporting documents for future reference.. Maintained a log for higher amounts  which  requires two signatures, and prepared spreadsheet and supporting documentation for further analysis of accounting manager.. Developed and maintained relationship with bank, claims, accounting personnel's, treasury operations for the smooth handling of account receivables and payables.. Take steps to make  assigned  job accurately and efficiently . I'm proficient at payables, e mail, and processes.]
16237710, [I got my bachelor   s degree in business of arts   ba honors business studies achieving a second upper class honors in business studies from university of greenwich. As a Accountant, I worked from July 2012 to October 2015. And my major duty is I have worked at Shantilal Gala & Company (Nairobi, Kenya) which is an Audit firm, since 2nd July 2012.. I was employed as an Accountant in the Firm.. Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on paper.. Processed bank reconciliations and financial reports to verify practice of p weekly and monthly.. Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system.. Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.. Entered weekly sales and customer count sheets for review by management.. Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.. Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes. I'm proficient at adaptability its always the best for me to adapt quickly and easily as my way of understanding the procedures is through planning everything in my mind as the work is being allocated, organization managing responsibilities in a particular manner and keeping track of those responsibilities, and time management good time management skills go hand in hand in with strong organizational capabilities budgeting time will give the allowance of managing the work efficiently.]
13294301, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting and finance from macomb community college. As a Cashier, I worked from 09/2012 to 06/2017. And my major duty is Reconciled cash drawer at start and end of each shift, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies.. Mentored new team members on POS system operation, customer service strategies and sales goals.. Completed sales in excess of $10,000 with near-zero error rate using POS system.. Organized and reported on financial information to document payment histories and assist with sound financial accounting.. Completed tasks quickly and handled multiple responsibilities at the same time. I'm proficient at active listening, general ledger proficiency, and customer service.]
13130984, [I got my master   s   business administration in business administration from troy university   city   state business administration december      bba   accounting management columbus state university. As a Church Administrator, And my major duty is Plans and implements appropriate $140,000 annual budget (average) and accounting systems.. Balance checking account and investment accounts and submit reconciliation monthly for Pastor's review and approval.. Developed and implemented a Microsoft Excel Financial Database system for streamlining all financial and charitable contributions record system for the Church; prepares annual contribution statements, year-end financial reports, financial information for committees and the Church as needed or requested.. Attend to banking operations for deposit (cash handling $2,000 or more on weekly basis), check writing and Business Banking Online.. Maintains the Church's Policies and Procedures Manual; administers payroll for Church employees on a semi-monthly basis and all related payroll functions.. Maintains a church membership database for over 100 members which is keep confidential.. Monitors and maintains inventory of Church's property and equipment making repairs and/or replacement as necessary.. Being thoroughly familiar and abreast with the latest computer software used and might benefit the church. I'm proficient at finance, bi, and publisher.]
25127518, [I got my associate of applied science in accounting from st   louis community college. As a Administrative Assistant And Billing Specialist, I worked from Jan 1997 to May 2004. And my major duty is Accurately performed billing for three departments.. Facilitated collections for all delinquent accounts.. Set up new accounts including credit requests.. Created account merge and billing process for IESI after they bought several small companies, facilitating     a smooth merge of all companies.. Performed complete payroll including payroll taxes.. Managed the accounts payable and accounts receivable.. Reconciliation of vendor statements. I'm proficient at draw, processes, and cost analysis.]
24799301, [I got my b   s   business administration accounting in business administration accounting from university of cincinnati. As a Accountant, And my major duty is Installed new Peachtree Accounting System.. Installed new computer system using a local area network and Added a Web site. I'm proficient at web site, accounting, and cpa.]
25067742, [I got my bachelor arts in business administration from cuc university. As a Junior Accountant, And my major duty is Responsible for all aspects of accounts payable and accounts receivable functions.. Reorganizing and reconciling online based business transactions.. Bank, credit card and other  reconciliations.. Month end analysis and closing.. Managed and trained college interns.. Preparation of royalty reports.. Preparation of 1099-s. I'm proficient at accounts receivable, outlook, and general accounting.]
15821633, [I got my bachelor business administration in accounting from temple university. As a Accountant, And my major duty is Searched account histories to locate imbalances and incorrect entries.. Prepared invoices and reconciled asset and liability account balances for 300 agency contracts, which accounted for $550 M per fiscal year.. Established and maintained effective working relationships with agency officials and administrators.. Compiled, summarized, and analyzed financial data concerning accounting transactions.. Performed basic statistical analyses to determine trends, estimates, and significant changes.. Examined accounting source documents for conformance to standard accounting principles, departmental and citywide procedural directives and guidelines, and legal or budgetary restrictions.. Provided technical direction to a staff of six financial service staff members. I'm proficient at processes, direction, and database.]
15363277, [I got my bachelor of science in finance city   state finance from university of phoenix. As a Finance Manager, I worked from January 2000 to January 2012. And my major duty is Developed and presented the annual budget to the Executive Committee.. Consistently met or exceeded operating budget goals for the department annually barring new corporate initiatives approved after budget creation Supported over 20 IT leaders EVP, SVPs, VPs, Directors, and Managers by reporting risks and opportunities to the budgets in order to stay on track and meet or exceed budget obligations of the department Prepared 5-year long-range plan with IT leadership; updated annually Managed a staff with primary responsibilities including asset management, software license compliance, price negotiations with vendors, preparation of all IT purchase orders, accurate invoice coding, departmental journal entries, analyzing, and auditing telecom expenses for over 900 stores Maintained positive relationships with over 50 active vendors Facilitated monthly financial review meeting with IT EVP, CIO and VPs to ensure budget goals are met Financial architect responsible for evaluating the options to outsource several areas of the IT department, which involved: vendor evaluations, financial modeling, executive presentations, and financial analysis.. Portions of the IT department were outsourced in late 2010.. Reduced staff from 110 to 46 associates resulting in a projected savings of $12M over a five-year period.. Designed, implemented, and analyzed the IT Metrics Scorecard by tracking progress vs.. strategic plan Created template to perform cost/benefit analysis for IT business cases for proposed IS capital projects including; ROI, NPV, & IRR calculations Consulted in the development and processes to evaluate IS priorities and established business case methods and analysis with leadership of the corporate IS PMO. I'm proficient at leadership, executive presentations, and processes.]
18132924, [As a Controller, And my major duty is Restructured and analyzed Profit Software System to improve budget reporting. Thoroughly reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct any discrepancies. Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software. Educated management on strategies for minimizing tax liability. Reviewed all tax returns prepared by individual departments before approval. Supplied detailed tax documentation needed to submit accurate corporate returns. Reviewed program needs and recruited qualified staff. I'm proficient at budget forecasting expertise, effective time management, and analytical reasoning.]
63137898, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from university of the ozarks. As a Accounting Manager, And my major duty is Speaco Foods was a manufacturing facility (multi-state) that made vinegar, juices, hot  sauce and  mustard.. It was a family owned business that I worked at all my summers during high school and college.. I worked in the manufacturing plants until I graduated college.. Once I graduated college,  I worked in the accounting department.. I started in Accounts Payable, then receivables and then inventory control.. My role in the accounting was  to implement new software,  train others, and  get the inventory  and cost accounting systems up and running.. Before I left Speaco Foods, I became the Accounting Manager. I'm proficient at upgrading, processes, and general ledger accounting.]
21763056, [I got my master degree   accounting in accounting from triton college. As a Account Receivable Clerk, I worked from June 1984 to September 1988. And my major duty is Receipted money received in the department in the form of checks, lockbox, credit memos, and deductions.. Prepared and reviewed customer invoices and adjusted any errors from previous invoices.. Prepared necessary adjustment credited invoices and write-offs for approval.. Analyzed and reconciled account balances on periodically.. Corrected weekly reports to ensure that subsystem total balances with the general ledger totals.. Assisted in preparing and entering payment vouchers. I'm proficient at finance, insurance, and processes.]
20624984, [I got my b   com in b   com from . As a Consultant, I worked from January 2016 to January 2016. And my major duty is Prepare journal entries and ensure reconciliation are complete.. Review general ledger to ensure proper accounting is in place Process pay application invoice and payment.. General ledger Reconcilation and adjusting entries.. Reconcilation bank account accurately and in a timely manner with attention to unusal items that remain outstanding at monthend.. Upload bank statement and Bank revaluation in SAP.. Preparing financial reports in HFM (balance sheet, profit and loss statement, GR 55, Cycle run) Reviewing Balance sheet and profit and loss statement.. Prepaid and accurual booking in monthed.. Monthend quaterend and year end reporting.. Intercompany reconciliation.. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE Vendor creation, edit and reconciliation Stock report preparion Invoice posting and verification in SAP tool.. Collect and maintain vendor W 9.. GR/IR  clearing Automatic payment run in SAP.. 3 way matching.. Inventory control and expensing.. Ixos invoicing with payment.. Create purchase order.. Foreign currency Revaluation.. 2)Working   as Process Developer (Novartis Canada GL and AP) from 23.I worked from March 2009 to December 2012. And my major duty is Worked in several sub modules of Sap Financials: Accounts receivable, Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Banking.. Accounts Payable: Automated Payment Program (APP), Invoice Processing, IDOC, MIRO.. Vendor Master, Customer Master, General Ledger Master data.. Having good domain experience related to different functional module: Order 2 Cash (OTC), Procure 2 Pay (P2P), Buy 2 Pay (B2P) and Invoice 2 Pay (I2P).. Dash board maintenance, Client handling, Query resolution, Bank Reconciliation. I'm proficient at finance, gl, and book.]
25935030, [I got my associate of arts   international business in international business from makerere university business school. As a administrative assistant, And my major duty is Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.. Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.. Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.. Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Created weekly and monthly reports and presentations.. Managed the day-to-day calendar for the company's senior director. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and creative.]
17556527, [I got my m   com   master of commerce in master of commerce from mahatma gandhi university. As a Accountant cum Secretary, I worked from August 2005 to July 2008. And my major duty is A General Trading company dealing in import and export of porcelain, melamine and stainless steel cookware, 	crockery & computers and computer peripherals) Job Description: Bookkeeping - Performed daily accounting activities and ensured financial transactions are captured in proper 	accounts in Tally Accounting software.. Analyzed and reviewed accounting provisions to ensure expenses are 	promptly regularized.. Maintained General Ledger, Trial Balance, P & L A/c and Balance Sheet.. Purchasing and clearance of shipments - Placed local and overseas purchase orders under supervision and 	coordinated clearance of Import Shipments and arranged payments through cheques, bank transfer, 	documentary collection, letters of credit, etc.. Costing: Ascertained various costs to calculate the sales price of the products.. Sales - Actively supported company sales team and coordinated sales details and ensured deliveries were carried 	out as agreed with customers.. Invoicing - Timely preparation and dispatch of invoices and monthly sales analysis as well as sales reports.. Cash Management - Managed cash receipts and petty cash expenses.. Letter of Credit - Assisted in opening of L/Cs, review and follow up on opened L/Cs.. Bank - Monitored bank transactions daily and performed bank reconciliation.. Finalisation of Accounts & Annual Audit - Provided monthly and annual Financial Reports to management and 	liaised 	with the Auditors.. Administration - Provided administrative and secretarial support in order to ensure the effective and efficient office 	operations.. Liaised with Banks, Insurance Agencies, Creditors and Customers as part of day to day operation. I'm proficient at finance, book, and insurance.]
28939941, [I got my master of international business administration in accounting from faculty of commerce   alexandria university. As a Retail Supervisor, I worked from December 2006 to September 2008. And my major duty is Back office Trainer for new hiring retailers till  Nov 2009 Operation Support to analysis retail stores' figures.. Set action plans for improvement.. Tracking warehouse stock.. Training & development dep.. Set evaluation system.. train new hiring staff on company policy, persuaders, product knowledge, applications, and Handling customers.. Join Vodafone retail academy team as certified trainer.. Cascade retail academy training material ( How to achieve sales target, How to Handle angry Customers, How to inspire your team, How to motivate low performance people, How to prepare sufficient forecasting, How to use mindset positively.. Assistant store manager  Prepare monthly and annually reports, finding new and professional ideas to achieve sales target.. Motivate staff members , Inspiring and supporting them to achieve their KPIs.. Set required action plans to determined improvement areas and evaluating progress.. Compare store KPIs sales target achievement, customer experience score (NPS) , Mystery Shopper score,  Number of people achievement , Number of complaints. I'm proficient at newsletters, exhibitions, and photo.]
28359817, [I got my bba   accounting in accounting from friends university. As a Staff Accountant, And my major duty is 1.. Oversaw all aspects of accounting for 21 Beauty First retail salons Monitored inventory control procedures and tracked any material variances Worked with store associates during yearly audits and ensured accounts were reconciled Monitored open purchases orders and provided feedback on any known issues Trained new accounting assistants on the proper way to monitor their assigned stores Reconciled cost of goods at the end of each month Closed accounts for end of month/year.. 2.. Bank Reconciliations Monitored deposits and verified to bank accounts Ensured credit cards balanced and processed any related fees Assisted in developing a new spreadsheet to track bank deposits Reconciled bank accounts for month/year end.. 3.. Sales Tax Calculated sales tax for all markets and issued payment Monitored product that was used in the salon and accrued use tax as necessary Reconciled tax accounts for the accounting manager at the end of the month/year. I'm proficient at finance, as, and instructor.]
20345168, [I got my bachelor of science   business management in business management from arizona state university. As a Accounting and Human Resources Manager, And my major duty is Report      directly to President of 2 corporations and manage office of 2 separate      corporations simultaneously.. Manage      all aspects of Accounting Department and produce all necessary financial      statements.. Process      weekly payroll and payroll taxes as well as quarterly and annual payroll      tax reports.. Researched      and implemented new industry specific software to improve overall      performance of business.. Researched,      implemented, and maintain employee benefits program that includes 401K,      Health and Dental Benefits. Recruit      new employees and manage all personnel files.. Assist      with employee performance evaluations and act as liaison between employees      and supervisors.. Perform      any other duties as needed including sales, international business      development, purchasing, inventory, and customer service I'm proficient at payroll experts, quickbooks payroll systems, and quickbooks.]
14496667, [I got my bachelor of science in business management accounting   psychology from bridgewater state university. As a Security Officer, I worked from 11/2008 to now.And my major duty is Prepared written reports for complaints and incidents that occurred during an event.. Provided Customer service.. Ensured the safety of fans and the TD Garden property.. Provided and assisted customers with location of their seating area. I'm proficient at finance, financial analyst, and e mail.]
25862026, [I got my masters of science in  from kean university state accounting. As a Associate, I worked from 10/2006 to now.And my major duty is Developed, coordinated and planned expense budgets, forecasts, headcount monitoring and tracking and consolidated and analyzed trends of the expenses for Compensation and Planning within Agency Division successfully ended the year within +/- 2% variance to forecast.. Prepared, updated and monitored monthly Financial Analysis Summaries and budget templates for the monthly financial management presentations including actual and projected results.. Coordinated with section managers to prepare budget uploads and monthly Budget versus Actual meetings.. Prepared recurring and ad-hoc journal entries and provided ad hoc analysis reporting to management as needed, such as identifying spending trends, analyzing variances, or for other purposes as requested. I'm proficient at oracle financial, ledger, and general ledger.]
23246831, [I got my business administration in business administration from belize america. As a Billing Administrator, And my major duty is Consistently billed customers in a timely manner.. Process manual invoice.. Maintain high level on internal and external customer satisfaction while achieving business objectives.. Provide administrative support in the areas of revenue generation and accounts receivables.. Work effectively with the credit, marketing and procurement department, executive management, and sales personnel to ensure best possible account service.. Validates purchase orders for accuracy.. Occasional collection calls. I'm proficient at processes, consolidations, and customer satisfaction.]
49204385, [I got my mba   masters of business administration in business management from ashworth college. As a Accounts Payable Controller, I worked from 08/2010 to 07/2012. And my major duty is Responsible for overseeing the accounts payable department and ultimately responsible for the efficiency, accuracy and payment off all companies' invoices in a timely fashion and in according to company policies.. Main duties were but not limited to ensuring the smooth running of the Accounts Payable department, obtainment of approvals, transaction coding and recording in accounting system, various payments processing through checks, EFTs and/or wires.. Various accounts reconciliations and monitoring of those on monthly basis, ensure that Accounts Payable team members are replying to all queries in a timely manner and that all queries are resolved correctly and efficiently, weekly performance of detailed analysis on accounts by vendors, entities and types of payment, performance of the month end closing process and reconciliation on the ledgers.. In the course of daily operations the maintenance of excellent working relationship with external suppliers, contractors, store managers, regional managers and board directors.. Provide day to day support to various departments such as General Ledger, Taxation, Compliance, Legal and Regulatory Department.. Prepare yearly reports for senior management's review, motivate and lead the team, innovate and develop processes and efficiencies for the education of newer team members as well as for the guidance of longer term team members, performance management of staff and monthly and yearly appraisals. I'm proficient at payments processing, contract execution, and general ledger accounting.]
12802330, [I got my bs   accounting business administration in accounting business administration from university of maryland university college   city. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from March 2006 to August 2006. And my major duty is Performed monthly closing cycle, responsible for preparing, analyzing, reconciling and correcting financial statements and management reports for the homebuilding divisions.. Acted as the primary contact for operations' personnel for any accounting-related matters.. Maintained the company's systems of internal controls over financial reporting.. Posted financial statement entries; including reconciling and documented P & L re-classification entries.. Verified preliminary sales report and composed final corporate reporting.. Reviewed and reconciled inventory status and posted reconciling entries.. Prepared and corrected preliminary escrow analysis, including extensive analysis of escrow account allocation entries.. Performed analysis of direct profits.. Reviewed and created roll forward reports of builder's reserve runs summary.. Reconciled builder proceeds with mortgage proceeds.. Researched accounting procedures, policy and statures, including Sarbanes-Oxley, SEC compliance, IRS, state and local tax laws. I'm proficient at cash flow, negotiation, and ledger.]
22925443, [I got my bachelor of arts   accounting in accounting from ashford university. As a Laboratory Technician II, I worked from July 2007 to September 2012. And my major duty is Receive and prepare laboratory samples for analysis, following proper protocols to ensure that they will be stored, prepared, and disposed of efficiently and effectively.. Prepare samples to be analyzed on the ICP.. Analyze samples via AS-3000 PH Dual analyzer.. Maintain or repair agricultural facilities, equipment, or tools to ensure operational readiness, safety, and cleanliness.. Prepare laboratory reagents for analytical purposes.. Service walk-in customers.. Prepare or present agricultural demonstrations.. Additional skills and capabilities: Operate effectively within an agricultural laboratory setting.. Willing participant in environmentally sustainable work practices.. Thoroughly perform standard calibrations.. Excellent communication and collaboration skills.. Efficient and precise when recording and presenting data.. Proficient in the use laboratory application software and instruments.. Strong contributor to the achievement of quality objectives. I'm proficient at powerpoint, excellent communication and organizational skills, and strong interpersonal.]
28614791, [I got my computer science in computer science from mountain state university. As a Secretary II, And my major duty is http://wvde.state.wv.us/osp/. Division of Teaching and Learning. Special Programs. Reading First. 1900. K. anawha Boulevard, East. Building 6, Room 304. Charleston, WV 25305-0330. (304)558.2696P. (304)558.3741F. Jacqueline Veres, Secretary III-A. I worked for the Reading First program, assisting 3 coordinators on a daily basis to ensure that they had the necessary tools to teach educators, complete school assessments, regular routine office tasks to fulfill the federal RF grant requirements and anything in between.. Daily office needs such as answering the phones, routing calls, taking messages, corresponding via emails, filing out travel reimbursement forms,. Planned and executed meeting for the Reading First Program. This entailed:. Mail out letter inviting educators thruought the state of WV.. Make a database to keep up with individual attendees for room reservation purposes and name tags.. Assist in making the packets/binder/folders with information for the attendees.. Set up a block of room at various local hotels for participants which required me to make a contract with the hotels.. Search for a meeting location that was able to meet all needs of the meeting such as enough room for the amount of attendees, the right equipment for the type of meeting it was, the amount of rooms needed for the attendees, ect. A contract would then be made and i would work with the hotel to ensure that every thing necessary for the meeting was taken care of; from room setup such as sound/audio needs, to the number of tables/chairs, to the type of food that was to be served. I'm proficient at typing speed of wpm with accuracyand microsoft office advanced knowledge and skill.]
30304575, [I got my master of business administration in accounting finance   economics from city university of new york   city. As a Operation Budget (INTERN), And my major duty is Prepared weekly analytical Pay-Hour report for over 10,000 Bus Operator and Bus Maintenance employees Set up variances between budget and actual retrieved from Hyperion for budget modifications decided by management.. Analyzed and prepared special report Prepared Audit Travel Expenses Report Assisted Supervisors with ad hoe reporting. I'm proficient at finance, capital expenditures, and closing.]
26065877, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration from devry university. As a Full-Charge Bookkeeper, I worked from 02/2006 to 03/2008. And my major duty is Responsible for the following: Accounts Payable (processed invoices and applied prompt payments to vendors) Accounts Receivable (processed sales orders /created invoices and sent to customer) Implemented entire QuickBooks system, including the input of vendors, customers and inventory adjustment entries Generated bank deposits and verified balance receipts Researched and resolved billing and collections disputes Generated income statement and balance sheet reports. I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, processes, and general ledger accounting.]
29821051, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from rhode island college   city. As a Regulatory Reporting Supervisor, I worked from 11/1997 to 02/2005. And my major duty is Trained new team members on applying due diligence procedures and regulatory mandates.. Audited and documented all processes and procedures for the new accounts department.. Wrote procedures for internal and external auditing purposes.. Complied with regulatory requirements including Bank Secrecy Act, Anti Money Laundering, OFAC, USA Patriot Act, Privacy Act and Community Reinvestment Act.. Trained and directed 4 new hires during department orientations.. Enhanced the operational risk application to capture regulatory findings from agencies such as SEC and OCC.. Modified a comprehensive financial reporting package to reflect growing organizational complexity.. Maintained integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.. Analyzed monthly balance sheet accounts for corporate reporting.. Generated financial statements and facilitated account closing procedures each month.. Analyzed and researched reporting issues to improve accounting operations procedures.. Supervised and coordinated projects for external auditors and examiner evaluations.. Articulated audit findings, risks and detailed recommendations to upper management.. Reported internal control issues to management and supplied comprehensive recommendations to mitigate the associated risks. I'm proficient at external auditing, accounting operations professional, and consolidations.]
29999135, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting business administrative from western michigan university. As a Sr. Accountant, I worked from Jun 2017 to Current. And my major duty is Validate and process Warranty/Royalty claim accounts for payment requests. Update and maintain inventory standard cost for all divisions. Reconcile travel expense reports and prepare check request for reimbursement. Prepare shipments cutoff tests for month end closing. Interact with internal and external clients, vendors, partners and other key stakeholders. Apply best practices in credit and collections to meet business needs and objectives.. Reconcile commercial & military customer accounts.. Contact customers to collect overdue accounts. Report the reasons for late payments and escalate within the organization to help achieve a timely resolution.. Reconcile account receivables/inter-company sales and prepare journal entries for month end closing I'm proficient at self motivated, financial reports, and extremely organized.]
21853199, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from kent state university. As a Staff Auditor II, I worked from January 2006 to January 2009. And my major duty is Responsible for assisting manager level auditor and performing audits of public offices (e.g., school districts, villages, municipalities) by gathering information and documentation necessary for the execution of audit procedures.. Performed substantive tests of specific accounts and records.. Prepared documentation of internal accounting and administrative control systems.. Performed tests of controls and tests of compliance with laws and regulations applicable to the client.. Prepared necessary working papers and schedules.. Developed familiarity with audit methodology, the audit process, audit programs, working papers, report formats, and accounting systems of the client.. Maintained good working relationships with clients.. Provided training and guidance to new staff auditors. I'm proficient at strong organizational skills, general ledger accounting, and closing.]
39674178, [I got my bachelor of science in management park university   city   state management from management park university. As a Financial Management Resource Analyst, And my major duty is Complied with federal, state, and Department of Defense (DOD) policies, procedures, and regulations.. Compiled statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tables pertaining to expenditures, accounts.. payable and receivable.. Coded documents according to company procedures.. Reconciled or noted and reported discrepancies found in records. I'm proficient at government, balance, and accounting system.]
14449423, [I got my  in computer science from south carolina state university. As a Computer Programmer Analyst, I worked from 06/1996 to now.And my major duty is Development and enhancements of software to meet client needs Full Life Cycle system development and implementation Supported and maintained existing system utilizing embedded SQL within the C programming language used to read, update, fetch, and insert rows from a remote database.. Client code implementations and system support, dial-in client system development upgrades and bug fixes for client specific system enhancements Operating platforms included OS/2 and Windows Developing, editing, and executing test tables (scripts) for proper performance.. Technical documentation of work proposals for assignment scope, test results, and for specific install instructions for customer delivery items, applications, and requirement studies which outlined the customers' systems request.. All technical documentation created utilizing Microsoft Word, Excel and other office documentation applications. I'm proficient at technical documentation, consulting, and processes.]
25547145, [I got my high school diploma in high school from high school diploma scribner   snyder. As a General Helper Machine Operator and Warehouse, And my major duty is Produced 100% quality products Shipped quality products Stored and filed company records Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.. Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, and prepaid debit transactions.. Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.. Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and order Trained all new New Operators on safe and efficient handling of machines.. Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly.. Packed products to guarantee orders were shipped on-time.. Packed and assembled many different company products Supervised and trained a sales team to meet company goals Answered customer calls Cold called customers to offer additional products or services Contacted business and offered them new services for there business Ran most of Hero Automotive everyday business operations which included paying bills, buying supplies, ordering products,answering calls, filing, and paying bills Ran several different machines.. Changed equipment over to new product.. Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.. Inspected finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications.. Monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.. Adhered to all applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental compliance.. Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using tools such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, protractors and ring gauges.. Started up and shut down processing equipment.. Troubleshooted problems with equipment, devices or products.. Operated shipping system efficiently and accurately.. Oversaw warehousing and storage practices and housekeeping.. Unloaded product off pallets to ship out.. Packaged and shipped product out.. Removed empty pallets with pallet jack.. Banded, wrapped, packaged and cleaned equipment.. Assembled components with hand.. Locked out and tagged out machinery to clean and fix.. Worked with several different machines.. Created load tickets for shipping.. Lubricated and wiped machines, tools and workplace to maintain safety and cleanliness.. Completed and entered quality records, scrap reports and machine logs in a timely manner.. Reviewed and verified all work was in compliance with sales orders and customer requirements.. Retrieved correct materials from product inventory to perform various fabrication duties.. Determine materials, tools and equipment needed for product orders. I'm proficient at phone etiquette, e mail, and listening.]
14055988, [I got my bba   accounting accounting in accounting accounting from prairie view a   m university. As a Student Accounts Representative/Bookkeeper, I worked from January 2003 to January 2004. And my major duty is Tracked and maintained student accounts throughout the collection process to ensure prompt payment of outstanding balances Advised students regarding their payment options and financial policies Provided customer service and answer student inquiries regarding their financial status Reviewed student payment plans for completeness and accuracy Posted student tuition and fees Issued system generated receipts Assisted in charging tuition and fees, as well as reviewing monthly earnings Updated appropriate tracking systems for timely billing and collections Processed forms related to student status changes in accordance with company policies and procedures Performed student account maintenance activities, including conducting account reviews, reconciling aging levels verifying account clearances, applying payments, monitoring collection activities, and updating accounts in compliance with established company AR management policies and procedures Responsible for billing third-party vendors for payment of student tuition and fees. I'm proficient at forms, closing, and general ledger.]
27637576, [I got my business management   accounting in business management   accounting from zephyrhills high school. As a Production Manager/Accounting Supervisor, I worked from May 1988 to August 1993. And my major duty is Full Responsibility for managing entire manufacturing/production control departments (totaling 31 employees).. Duties included but were not limited to the following: scheduling production flow, shipments, employee work schedules, overtime, and vacations; managed purchasing; primary customers interface on product status; customers included: Raytheon, Honeywell; chaired daily production meetings.. Reported to the V.P. of Finance, responsible for all General Accounting and contract duties and supervised a staff of five people. Duties included but not limited to the following; financial statement preparation, management reports, ADP Payroll processing for 2 separate companies, assisted with Cost Accounting, G/L, A/P, A/R, Inventory Control, Order entry, Billing, Customer P.O. Administration and controlled Sales Commissions.. ware, ADA, ADP payroll, A/P, AR, automation, back-up, backup, Bank Reconciliation, banking, Billing, Billings, budgeting, Cash flow, Controller, Cost Accounting, cost analysis, credit, documentation, Finance, financial, financial forecasts, financial operations, financial reporting, financial statement preparation, Financial Statements, general office, GL, human resources, HR, Inventory, Inventory control, LIMS, managing, meetings, office, network, Order entry, Payroll, processes, coding, Proposals, Purchasing, express, Real Estate, reconciling, reporting, Sales, Sales Reports, scheduling, Tax, troubleshooting, utilities, year-end. Reported to the V.P.of Finance, responsible for all General Accounting and contract duties, and supervised a staff of five people.. Duties included but were not limited to the following; financial statement preparation, management reports, ADP payroll processing for 2 separate companies, assisted with Cost Accounting, G/L, A/P, A/R, Inventory control, Order entry, Billing, Customer P.O.. Administration, and controlled Sales Commissions.accounting, General Accounting, accounting software, ADA, ADP payroll, A/P, AR, automation, back-up, backup, Bank Reconciliation, banking, Billing, Billings, budgeting, Cash flow, Controller, Cost Accounting, cost analysis, credit, documentation, Finance, financial, financial forecasts, financial operations, financial reporting, financial statement preparation, Financial Statements, general office, GL, human resources, HR, Inventory, Inventory control, LIMS, managing, meetings, office, network, Order entry, Payroll, processes, coding, Proposals, Purchasing, express, Real Estate, reconciling, reporting, Sales, Sales Reports, scheduling, Tax, troubleshooting, utilities, year-end ]
49997097, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from university of south florida. As a Accounting Assistant, I worked from August 2006 to September 2011. And my major duty is Work 15 - 20 hours while in high school to save for college Work with QuickBooks (creating invoices, deposits, entering bills), file all customer and vendor reports and information (creating new files when necessary) I'm proficient at forms, receiving, and staffing.]
27558837, [I got my bachelor of arts   accounting in accounting from black hawk college. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from March 2001 to December 2001. And my major duty is Reported to Assistant Controller.. Accountable for inventory for all 15 Sprint stores in our area.. Led month end inventory counts, where each store would send me their results and I would match up to purchase order and sales to make sure everything tied out.. Accountable for process of stolen, warranty and damaged phones, by making sure we received correct credit back from Sprint. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and financial analyst.]
14126433, [I got my master of business administration in  from pepperdine university. As a Accountant, I worked from September 2004 to January 2005. And my major duty is Oversaw accounts receivables operating and approval process to support production of over 150 checks weekly.. Authorized check signer, approved all wire transfers over $1M.. Adjusted journal entries to balance general ledger.. Contributed to annual budget process, working with various department heads to review historical activities, trends, and future obligations.. Handled 1099 Miscellaneous tax issues.. 2005) Managed month-end closing cycle. I'm proficient at business objects, finance, and book.]
34198885, [I got my master of professional accountancy in accounting from texas a   m international university. As a Work-Study Student Employee, I worked from 02/2004 to now.And my major duty is Performed general office duties which included filing, making copies, answering phones, sending faxes, shredding, and assisted in the distribution of paychecks, etc. I'm proficient at peachtree complete accounting, accounting software sage mas erp, and quickbooks pro.]
62809577, [I got my accounting in accounting from santa barbara business college. As a Project Accountant, I worked from Nov 2005 to Jul 2008. And my major duty is Comprehensive management of the Accounts Payable function for a $40 million General Contractor Responsible for compilation of extensive loan draw packages and respective documentation reviewed and    approved by banks, owners/developers, architects, construction control companies and owners representatives.. Worked closely with the Controller, Contract Administrator, and Project Managers insuring billing accuracy.. Close interaction with sub-contractors ensuring proper documentation submitted with monthly billings.. Completed annual certified courses covering aspects of Nevada Revised Statutes pertaining to Nevada lien and contract law. I'm proficient at financial report, draw, and as.]
12065211, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from temple university city. As a Financial Analyst, I worked from Aug 2002 to Jan 2005. And my major duty is Manage and forecast funds for Palm Desert National Bank sponsored 350 ATM terminals averaging 2.5 million on a weekly basis.. Reconcile & settle, and act as lead accountant for Innobeta Systems, Inc., (affiliate of Money Marketing, Inc.).. Prepare monthly Profit and Loss reports as to surcharge and interchange.. Analyze communication and armor carrier expenses as a temporary M&A team member during due diligence procedure of ATM World Corp.. Analyze processing costs and network fees in terms of EFTs.. Prepare audit work papers, confirmations and other documentation to make the audit efficient and hold on audit fees in connection with annual audit.. Perform analysis of general ledger accounts; prepared journal entries and adjustments to facilitate closings.. Assist in the preparation of full financial statements and footnotes for investors and lenders.. Review work of staff and operations to assure that certain daily procedures and reconciliations were performed routinely according to policies and procedures.. Translate and prepare documents pertaining to defective parts of ComNet ATM Series assembled and distributed by Nextran Industries, a subsidiary company of Chungho ComNet Co., Ltd.. Consult private investors and customer services. I'm proficient at hyperion, ifrs, and quickbooks pro.]
23416654, [I got my accounting in accounting from columbia state community college. As a Accounts Receivable, I worked from January 2003 to January 2004. And my major duty is Accounts receivable and accounts payable. I'm proficient at cash flow, general ledger, and powerpoint.]
38847011, [I got my mba in business adminstration from alabama a   m university. As a Payroll Accountant, I worked from 09/1996 to 09/1997. And my major duty is Review confidential contractual offer letters for tenured and part-time professors to determine appropriate compensation packages.. Contracts were negotiated with professors and upon approval, the financial conditions of the contract were executed.. Tracked the labor funding for contracts staying within the prescribed departmental salary budget.. Responsible for committing and obligating funds for in-house contracts and matching the final disbursements.. Coordinated insurance and retirement benefits for all college faculty and staff. I'm proficient at edge, ceridian, and insurance.]
27573855, [I got my graduate diploma   business administration in accounting from . As a Financial institution  Accounting Clerk, I worked from Jan 1998 to Jan 2000. And my major duty is Reconciled bank accounts cleared more than .75 million in open items.. Monitor FED account discrepancies.. Processed non-sufficient fund checks, ACH and monitor Puerto Rico and Orlando transactions.. Maintain communication with Puerto Rico and Orlando Branches. I'm proficient at ceridian, payroll and budget proficiency, and financial statements analysis.]
15592167, [I got my master of business in accounting from monash university. As a Internship - Credit Officer, And my major duty is Providing administrative support including filing, printing and organising confidential client documents;. Handling credit card enquiries from corporate clients in a professional manner;. Addressing general client enquiries and complaints, ensuring client satisfaction is maintained;. Assessing credit applications, ensuring details are completed accurately with correct identification;. Gaining knowledge in regulations and principles in commercial banking;. Providing advice on credit applications and various credit products and services;. Liaising with team managers and reporting on client follow-up requirements;. Building rapport with clients to maintain long term relationships. I'm proficient at high attention to details while ensuring accuracy and completeness of particulars, and building up excellent client and peer relationships, and high efficiency to pressuring the best way to solve the problem and making contribution to business organization.]
20082776, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from rowan cabarrus community college. As a Accountant, I worked from 01/2002 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Prepared/Filed Individual & Corporate Income Taxes (1040, 1040A, 1040EZ, Schedule - A,C,M, EIC,SE, L,1065, 1120, 1120S, Schedule - A,B,K,L,M-1, M-2, K-1) Business Tax (Federal 941, 940, State withholding, Sales and Use Tax, W-2, I-9).. Liaison with Internal Revenue Service, Department of Labor, Workers Compensation Insurance Commission, Employment Security Commission, and Department of State Revenue for filing of tax returns.. Managed and implemented the installation of accounting and tax software programs (Quick Books, Peach Tree, Medlin, and Tax Slayer). I'm proficient at versatile accounting software experience with lotus i, years experience performing journal entry preparation posting, and quick books.]
10674770, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from university of north carolina. As a Financial Management Partner, I worked from July 2010 to August 2011. And my major duty is Identified, reported, tracked, and resolved subsidiary ledger discrepancies in all phases of the revenues and receivables accounting processes.. Provide an end to end financial statement assurance and accurate presentation by aiding and completing tasks in all areas of operations; performing all monthly bank reconciliations, applying all required financial regulations in preparing and delivery of financial statements.. Provided Support to clients and other employees via email on implementations, software support, and financial reporting issues in all aspects of day-to-day operations.. Trained new accounting department employees with functionality demonstration to assist in proficient accounting support and software transitioning i.e.. QuickBooks, Peachtree and excel transitioning.. Able to perform duties of all departments of accounting including accounts payable, accounts receivable, legal coordination and transactional audit and review.. Coordinate Lien and Foreclosure preparations, research ownership status and balance histories in order to accurately file legal claims on behalf of our cliental.. Constant analysis of all clients' interim financial reports and comparative statements to verify the validity and monitor for inconsistency.. Prepare variance reports and explanations to quickly summarize areas of increased variances in expenses.. Assist other areas of management in fund accounting budget preparations and presentation at annual and monthly board meetings.. Coordinate and prepare materials for audits, review, and tax returns.. Assist in annual budget preparations, prepare billings for all cycles, perform all adjusting month end transactions and required G/L posting entries required to correct errors or balance discrepancies. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and ledger.]
24294778, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from accounting. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from September 2004 to December 2005.  I'm proficient at solomon great plains, proficient in microsoft office access, and alpha.]
11759079, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from emory university   goizueta business school. As a Accounting Tutor		        Sole Proprietorship, I worked from August 2006 to May 2007. And my major duty is Held private sessions to teach financial accounting to over 25 individual client needs and wrote practice questions which resulted in grade improvement amongst all clients, including one who increased his exam performance by 35 percentage points after sessions. I'm proficient at ma, payables, and ledger.]
18669563, [I got my master   s in business administration in business administration from kardan university. As a Administrative Officer, And my major duty is CETENA GROUP – Kabul, Afghanistan  Developed a filing system, established, and maintained a standard system to ensure Files tracking of IED (Improvised Explosive Devices) Project.. Organized data and information, prepared and maintained records, documents and control plans for the monitoring of IED (Improvised Explosive Devices) project.. Facilitated new/ extend visa for the International Staff, follow-up with the flight booking, confirmation and cancellation and ensured the work permits and visa for international staffs were up-to-date.. Performed other Administration duties. I'm proficient at cash flow, gl, and book.]
18569929, [I got my master   accounting   financial management in accounting   financial management from keller graduate school of management city. As a Contracts Processor, I worked from 02/1993 to now.And my major duty is Audited customer contracts. Verified and billed contracts billing fixed price. Assisted project managers in closing out contracts. Assisted with both, internal and external, audits. Trained personnel in Raleigh, NC on processing contracts. Reconciled state accounts Assisted marketing in collecting large dollar invoices. Audited vendor invoices for payment. Verified accuracy of hourly charges, living expenses and equipment acquisitions. Tracked purchase order balances and generated Lotus reports for vendor files. Processed and audited service/contractor activity records which applied billing to service contracts and generated customer invoices. Advised project managers when contracts were overcharged on service contracts. Audited vendor invoices for payment. I'm proficient at consulting, insurance, and closing.]
80053367, [I got my bachelor of science   nursing in nursing from college of the canyons. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, transcription, and staffing.]
87635012, [I got my master of business administration   finance in finance from rutgers university. As a Revenue Analyst, I worked from May 1996 to Dec 1997. And my major duty is Responsible for monthly reporting of subscriber billing of regional cable service to affiliates, payment tracking, allocations, reversals, forecasts, actual, and journal entries. Maintained collection issues and policies regarding payments, credits, and accounts status. Heavy departmental and team interaction I'm proficient at microsoft excel, sarbanes oxley, and sap.]
24703009, [I got my bba   business administration   accounting in business administration   accounting from umpqua community college. As a Accounting Technician II, I worked from November 2002 to July 2008. And my major duty is Started as a Administrative Clerk in 2002, moved to Child Support Specialist I, and advanceds to Accounting Technician II in 2006. Charged with completing complex accounting adjustments involving three accounting systems. Position required knowledge of child support regulations and state and federal regulations/statutes for each system adjustment.  Created detailed spreadsheets due to complexity of adjustments as funds were divided among several parties and entities.. Simplified accounting procedures for staff preparing numerous adjustments in cases of fraud which improved productivity and reduced processing time.  Ensured payment of child support in accordance to court and administrative orders. Communicated policies/procedures and ensured clear understanding by custodial/noncustodial parties. ]
25867805, [I got my master of science   accounting and information management in accounting and information management from university of texas at dallas. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from September 2010 to March 2013. And my major duty is Maintained full accounting records for a multiple range of clients in the service, wholesale and retail industries.. Computed taxes owed and prepared tax returns ensuring compliance with payment, reporting and other tax requirements.. Responsible for preparing monthly financial statements for up to 30 corporations.. Handled responsibilities of analyzing month end financial reports and performed account reconciliations.. Comprehensive knowledge of General Ledger.. Assisted in preparing IRS Forms 1120 and 1120S.. Entered invoices and managed accounts payable ensuring the accuracy of financial statements.. Performed the tasks of posting checks, tracking General Ledger accounts, and posting Journal entries.. Prepared closing Journal entries at year-end.. Ensured filing and compliance with Sales and Franchise Tax deadlines for over 50 clients.. Analyzed, prepared and input Payroll data.. Ensured compliance with all applicable state and federal wage and hour laws.. Prepared weekly, monthly and quarterly payroll reports including 941, 940, TWC, W-2/W-3 &1099.. Resolved issues for clients on daily basis.. Established relationships with client personnel at different levels. Administered online banking functions.. Trained new staff on various different functions. I'm proficient at quick books, accounting software, and financial reports.]
35554162, [I got my mba in accounting from kennesaw state university. As a Accounting Coordinator, And my major duty is Reconciled monthly bank statements to Spectrum Accounting and manual checkbook.. Monitored accounts detecting fraudulent activities and common bank errors.. Handled all accounts receivables, posted cash to appropriate accounts, prepared deposits and recorded transactions into the general journal. I'm proficient at oracle accounting, bank of america cashpro, and dun and bradstreet financial reporting.]
13701259, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from mercy college city. As a Controller, And my major duty is Prepared financial statements, general ledger, account analysis and reconciliation, journal entries, and performed variance analysis.. Cost containment and cash management of Facility.. Compiled periodic financial reporting packages.. External audits to ensure regulatory compliance and operational efficiency/accuracy.. Worked in collaboration with CFO to ensure accuracy and integrity of financial information.. Merger-due diligence.. Supervised A/R team of 3.. Managed and maintained all HR records.. licensing of facility, scheduled and conducted new hire orientation and employee training sessions.. Ensured compliance of the HR function to federal and state laws and regulations, guaranteed WORKPLACE SAFETY STANDARDS ARE MET AND MAINTAINED, assured employee adherence to all policies and procedures managed employee rEWARDS, AND RECOGNITION PROGRAMS handled employee relations matters with tact and sensitivity.. Part of successful corporate acquisition transition to Horizon Health.. Increased company's bottom line and significantly reduced supply cost by reducing the number of vendors and negotiated a lower cost for products.. Saved company $20,000 in the first year by reducing outside collection agencies fees by keeping function in-house.. Reduced unearned employee compensation by implementing and maintaining automated timekeeping system that recorded daily attendances absences & vacation records.. Improved efficiency by implementing and training employees on new timekeeping system, which resulted in better time management and reduction of payroll errors and processing time.. Implemented on- site training for employees which decreased absenteeism and turnovers, and saved the organization significant training and travel cost.. Strengthened employee/manager relationships increasing productivity by 20%.. Reconstructed and organized HR department into an effectively functioning unit. I'm proficient at bi businessintelligence tool, microsoft word excel, and keane care.]
12202337, [I got my master of business administration in finance from university of delaware. As a Medical Technologist, I worked from 07/2008 to 03/2012. And my major duty is Clinical Microbiology Experience - Highlights include ordering, processing, plating and culturing patient's specimens Tests - Performing rapid tests such as Rapid flu, C.Diff quick check and many more; Performing rapid and confirmatory tests to identify organism; Reading Gram stain slides.. Other - Performing daily maintenance and running quality control on instruments. I'm proficient at business objects, macros, and variance analysis.]
19446337, [I got my master of science in business administration from business administration. As a Income Tax Preparer, I worked from January 2010 to April 2010. And my major duty is Intermediate level certification accredited by. Internal Revenue Service,. Department of the Treasury. Prepared Form 8843, Form 1040, Form 1040-EZ, Form W-2 and related schedules for communities and international students I'm proficient at netsuite, outlook, and excel.]
15289348, [I got my mba in business administration from university of north florida. As a Financial Advisor, I worked from November 2003 to September 2009. And my major duty is Series 7 & 66 Licenses, Life, Health & Variable Annuities License. MBA, CRPC, CFP candidate, CPA candidate. •Financial planning; comprehensive and target planning;  asset allocation and investment selection and sales; 401k rollovers;  retirement planning; wealth management; investment management; portfolio management;  protection planning - life insurance, disability insurance, long term care insurance, health and HSA insurance; education planning; small business financial and retirement planning; estate planning issues;  trust account management I'm proficient at powerpoint, internet accounting, and v lookups.]
28969385, [I got my masters of business administration   accounting in accounting from new york city college of technology new york. As a Accountant  / Manager, And my major duty is Performed periodic budgeting/modeling to project monthly cash requirements and prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws and regulations for the addition and opening of offices in Ajman and Sharjah.. Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.. Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures in order to integrate QuickBooks accounting software and vision software.. Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations and received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.. Developed online invoicing procedures with several customers in order to streamline the accounts receivable process, which reduced invoice turn-around by a minimum of 30 days.. Performed complex general accounting functions, including preparation of journal entries, account analysis and balance sheet reconciliations. I'm proficient at vision accounting software, proficient in microsoft office suite, and peach tree.]
36425270, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting business administration in accounting business administration from university of maryland university college   shady grove center. As a Accounting Assistant, I worked from 10/2010 to 08/2013. And my major duty is Responsible for entering approved bills into accounting system and processing checks, Automated Clearing House (ACH) and Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) to make payments.. Responsible for maintaining vendors' and accounts payable records including 1099's and W-9's.. Responsible for preparing weekly reimbursement vouchers for business expenses and in charge of Corporate Visa Accounts for managers, executives and board members.. Responsible for processing Share Drafts and Daily Balancing of ending cash totals for all the branches.. Provided back up support to all the accountant positions and assisted with accounting department projects as needed. I'm proficient at superior attention to detail, electronic funds transfer, and bi.]
78257294, [I got my bba in accountancy from university of houston city. As a Analyst / Rotation, And my major duty is Conducted pre-bankruptcy accounting and financial analysis, and post-bankruptcy claims compression tasks for former provider of natural gas, electricity and communications products and services to the wholesale and retail markets.. Prioritized and completed the full range of accounting actions, such as consolidating financial statements, reconciling accounts, preparing balance sheet summaries, schedules and annual reports.. Coordinated and facilitated audits; systematically isolated, researched and resolved issues.. Analyzed variances.. Performed month-end closing processes.. Enforced GAAP guidelines.. Assisted in SEC filings.. Selected Contributions: After bankruptcy proceedings, analyzed, reconciled and negotiated settlements of $.75B of the company's $100B+ claims filed against debtor entities, and secured agreements with claimants to resolve claims.. Cooperated with governmental inquiries/investigations; worked diligently to minimize liabilities.. Built the foundation for success with Antonio's Flying Pizza and Italian Restaurant, a multigenerational family business and landmark restaurant in Houston.. Gained valuable experience at all levels of business and financial operations, beginning at the ground floor and advancing to Vice President. I'm proficient at citrix, gl, and interpersonal skills.]
23438112, [I got my master of accounting   financial management in accounting   financial management from keller graduate school of management of devry university. As a Accounting Clerk, I worked from 01/2005 to 07/2012. And my major duty is Prepared accurate and complete monthly financial statements for senior management, including preliminary work with journal entries, analysis, and reconciliations to accurately close month-end periods.. Processed bi-weekly payroll, including compilation and input of employee timesheets into ADP, prepared payroll tax deposits, reconciled balances, and performed month-end close.. Coordinated the bank statement review and reconciliation for multiple bank accounts.. Supervised accounts payable function to ensure that correct account codes were used for expense items and capitalization.. Responsible for accounts receivables including analyzing accounts and contacting past due clients to work out payment plans.. Managed fixed asset additions, deletions, transfers, and modifications.. Prepared, processed, and submitted all 1099s & 1096s Federal Tax Forms reflecting the accurate compilation and summary of employee/vendor data.. Prepared daily and monthly cash flow analysis, Annual Personal Property, as well as Sales and Use Tax Returns for senior management review. I'm proficient at cash flow, enterprise, and superior attention to detail.]
98559931, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from william paterson university. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and data entry.]
17306905, [I got my bachelor of business administration in accounting from valdosta state university. As a Managing Partner/Controller, I worked from 02/2001 to 06/2011. And my major duty is Charley O'Corley's is a single member limited liability corporation that served the Lowndes and surrounding area.. Annual revenue was $25million.), Purchased business in 2001 and grew revenue from $400,000 to $25 million.. Managed financial statement preparation, inventory procurement and all financial, human resource and entertainment aspects of the operation.. Worked with CPA on preparation of all tax returns, 1065, 1040A, and state returns.. Expanded business from one location to twelve locations.. Managed 350 employees on a seven day a week, three shift schedules.. Responsible for all compliance measures with federal, state, city and county regulatory bodies. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and gl.]
12780508, [I got my bachelor of science in finance from university of maryland. As a Financial Service Representative/ Back-up Supervisor, I worked from 01/2011 to 08/2013. And my major duty is 40hrs Provided customers with prompt, accurate, courteous and professional banking service.. Identified and referred sales opportunities to Relationship Bankers about products and services.. Utilized several mediums such as phone and emails to help customers.. Assisted customers with opening and closing of accounts.. Answered and resolved problems that are within my authority.. Accepted and processed loan applications and conduct loan interviews.. Assisted members with their financial transactions, involving paying and receiving cash and other negotiable instruments.. Maintained proper cash levels at the branch.. Responsible for cash shipments to and from main office to the branch.. Processed all commercial deposits, balanced vault daily.. Responsible for equipment maintenance; assisted staff with balancing problems.. Did random spot check with staff to ensure cash levels are within predetermined branch limits. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and superior attention to detail.]
26975573, [I got my master of business administration in accounting from southern university at new orleans. As a CUSTOMER SERVICE, And my major duty is Provided assistance and advice to internal and external customers professionally and courteously, adhering to established timelines for a response.. Identified appropriate referrals and alternatives when required.. Valued by management and colleagues for exceptional customer service practices.. EFFECTIVE ORAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATION: Communicated efficiently with diverse stakeholders and customers at all levels.. Independently prepared, designed and edited reports, letters, memos, spreadsheets, forms, correspondence, summary statements, briefs, flowcharts and other documents.. Ensured all communications adhered to organizational standards for construction, format, and completeness, including rules of spelling, punctuation, language use, and understandable language guidelines. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and meditech.]
28298773, [I got my masters of accounting in  from nova southeastern university city. As a Data Analyst Assistant, I worked from 12/2006 to now.And my major duty is Project VPO: Assessed 2500 foreign accounts within a 6 month period.. Achieved and maintained a 90% Customer Satisfaction rating.. Verified and researched data for 500 Savings Bonds accounts on a daily basis.. Tracked and updated non-nationals accounts preventing over one million dollars in fines.. Indexed, verified and scanned 1200 IRA accounts on a monthly basis.. Keyed interest and tax ratesfor over 350 accounts holders daily. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and ledger.]
29050809, [I got my certified public accountant in business administration accounting from university of the philippines. As a Regional Financial  Analyst, I worked from 08/1990 to now. I'm proficient at gl, ledger, and book.]
34816637, [I got my business accounting in business accounting from fulton   montgomery community college. As a Payroll Benefits Administrator Benefits Clerk, And my major duty is Office Supervise and direct all aspects of payroll including senior payroll clerk, payroll benefit clerk and account clerk data entry employees for 27 departments and over 500 employees within the county.. This includes 4 different bargaining agreements each with different lag periods and weekending date Payroll: Manage Payroll Process for bi-weekly payroll  Train and oversee senior payroll clerk and all payroll data entry clerks for each of the 27 departments within the county   Process bi-weekly payroll for over 500 employees utilizing the computerized New World dot net system Complete Federal 941 & NYS-45 tax reports quarterly and complete all year end submissions Reconcile and create W-2's  Supervise Payroll : Review and address changes made for Health, Dental, and Flexible Spending made to employees and retirees files as it correlates with individuals bargaining agreements Approve and review all payments of Insurance and other benefit account payables Grant Funding: Assist with all reports for individual departments within the county to complete grant funding request.. This may include actual cost for the past year or projected costs for the coming year.. Budget Development: Assist Personnel Director to track and report Wage and Fringe costs for employees and current retires for 3 year budgeting costs analysis.. This includes wages, insurance, FICA, Medicare, NYS Retirement contributions, insurance, and dental costs.. Manage Affordable Care Act reporting: Work with our Benefits and compliance administrators at Benetech to ensure all federal reporting requirements are met GASB 45 Reporting: Assist the county Treasurer and Milliman Actuaries to track and report information on over 250 retirees Health costs and changes throughout the year.. This includes completing census data on all active and retired employees to help complete required GASB reporting. I'm proficient at payables, insurance, and bi.]
22465498, [I got my diploma   accountancy in accountancy from kamwala secondary school. As a Cashier, And my major duty is Reporting to the Branch Head Cashier:        Functions Include:.. Providing customer services to a culturally diverse setting.. Receiving personal and company deposits of local and foreign currencies.. Making payments (withdraws) from personal and company accounts for local and foreign currencies.. Journaling and batching of transactions.. Posting of financial transactions on computer system.. Sorting soiled notes.. Balancing and reconciliation of Bank Control Accounts.. Making payments to suppliers of goods and services.. Raising and issuing managers cheques to customers. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and supervising.]
24103168, [I got my bachelor of arts in accounting from ens cachan   city france. As a Consultant in Finance / Administrative Support, And my major duty is Roles in different industries: Food and beverages, IT, Financial services.. Specialisation in implementation of new organisational structures. I'm proficient at hyperion, banking system abacus, and essbase.]
36024962, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from upper iowa university. As a Staff Accountant, And my major duty is Comply365 * Beloit, WI AR-Prepared Client Invoices and researched and resolved collections and billing disputes AP-Processed Invoices and researched and resolved billing and invoice issues Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts.. Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments.. Reduced time and costs and increased efficiency by introducing new accounting procedures and software.. Conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and cash management.]
18635654, [I got my accountant in accountant from jan alexandria university. As a General Accountant, And my major duty is Job Description:.. Preparation of Financial and accounting reports and their presentation to the Financial Manager.. Prepare reports weekly and monthly for revenues and expense.. Prepare journal entries.. Complete general ledger operations.. Account/bank reconciliations.. Courses: Has fulfilled all requirements for final accounts and Balance Sheet and contracting accounts in guide for accountant center with grade excellent. I'm proficient at e mail, forms, and general ledger.]
50222417, [I got my master of science in accounting from university of maryland university college   city. As a Financial Coordinator, Accountant I, And my major duty is Performed grant accountant duties for a portfolio of grants funded program at Center of Advanced Study of Languages (CASL) and at Institute of Biotechnology and Bioscience Research (IBBR).. Defined grants projects deliverables with contractors and monitored deadlines accordingly.. Performed monthly budget actualization and developed monthly financial reports.. Analyzed, investigated variances and assisted project managers to build plan of actions Reconciled all journal entries with the G/L, investigated and corrected discrepancies Maintained and review petty cash funds.. Reviewed all credit card expenses and grants expenses/payment request for compliance with federal OMB Circ.. A21 and OMB Circ.. 122 Conducted monthly meetings with projects managers for grants expenses analysis. I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and gl.]
23387174, [I got my bachelor   accounting in accounting from m s university. As a Accountant, I worked from April 1997 to May 2008. And my major duty is Assist with annual financial audit Reconcile monthly inter-company balances Prepare and file monthly sales and use tax returns for 10 states Entered invoices into and prepared reports in Oracle Payables Post journal entry, reconcile and maintain asset and liability accounts for month-end closing.. Issued. [number]. paychecks to vendors and suppliers on a bi-weekly basis.. Reconciled all bank and credit card accounts from. [year]. to. [year]. . I'm proficient at cash flow, finance, and ledger.]
13072019, [I got my graphic design in graphic design from usm. As a EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT, I worked from January 1983 to January 1985. And my major duty is Provided clerical support, researched claims, prepared meeting minutes and performed all other necessary duties as directed.. Provided clerical support, issued purchase orders and maintained certified payroll while working on the job site at the CIA Headquarters (Langley, VA) for the CIA powerhouse modifications project.. Provided clerical support, operated blue print machine, packaged and logged submittals while working on site for the construction of the Army Ammunitions Plant (Bay St.Louis, MS). I'm proficient at as, construction management, and insurance.]
82649935, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics in economics from city college of new york. As a Finance Associate, I worked from August 2011 to May 2015. And my major duty is Oversight and maintaining of AP/AR vendors, payment, processing orders, invoices, bank wires, and deposits.. Cash management including wire transfers, record charges, and adjustments.. Perform monthly bank reconciliation, account reconciliation between the general ledger and subsidiary ledger to ensure the timely and accurate financial statements are generated.. Prepare supporting documentation and post journal entries to computerized accounting Software.. Managed domestic and international budgets, including budget modifications and closeouts.. Identify, and assist in the implementation of, process improvements in order to shorten the monthly close process.. Processes and maintain organizations payroll using ADP.. Maintained and processed International payroll, working with in-country payroll vendors.. Worked independent while communicating and coordinating with other employees and external clients to facilitate workflow that pertains to the financial deliverables of the organization.. Assist with special projects.I worked from October 2010 to June 2011. And my major duty is Reconcile and analyze over 75 POS terminals, and audited receipts for compliance of SOX Procedures.. Exemplary post sale communication with different departments. ]
99433371, [I got my bachelor of interior architecture   business administration in product design from university of oregon. As a Accounts Payable Assistant, I worked from Jan 1999 to Jan 2000. And my major duty is Handling petty cash, data entry, payroll distribution, and other administrative duties. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, digital illustration, and powerpoint.]
10734870, [I got my fire science in fire science from houston community college. As a Sales Representative/Care Provider, And my major duty is Sale Representative for incoming patients.. Scheduled appointments for potential clients to visit the site.. Answered inquires about the benefits and services of the site.. Provided potential clients with different services and packages.. Responded and directed all complex incoming calls.. Maintain a daily log of appointments.. Maintain clean, working and livable environment for patients.. Resolved customer service inquires regarding: Billing and payments schedules and Benefits.. Authorization for treatments and medicine. I'm proficient at reading, benefits, and inspect.]
18472240, [I got my ged in ged from central florida college. As a Painter, And my major duty is Paint and repair the outside of problems in a timely matter.. Pressure washed houses and made repairs to old / damaged frames. I'm proficient at window, plumbing, and paint.]
71576860, [I got my graphic design in graphic design from anthem institute. As a WAREHOUSE WORKER, I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Operating power material handling equipment to accurately select and palletize loads.. Moving pallets by hand, hand truck, electric pallet jack, or manual pallet jack.. Packaging merchandise for shipment.. Shrink wrapping goods for loading onto trailers.. Finding stock and merchandise in the warehouse.. Ensuring that the correct labels are on all stored pallets.. Routinely cleaning all warehouse areas and containers.. Loading and unloading trucks from ground level or platforms.. Matching quantities and items being shipped against the invoice.. Assisting in annual inventories.. Using computer equipment to generate labels.. Stocking incoming orders onto shelves.. Loading merchandise onto trucks.. Loading and unloading containers and trucks.. Organizing stock in the warehouse. I'm proficient at merchandising organizing packaging, strong communication skills, and inventory management.]
29087505, [I got my aa   general city   state in general city   state from highline community college. As a Painter/Carpenter, I worked from June 2008 to September 2008. And my major duty is Each day I would paint the interior and exterior of houses and offices.. We came to the job site early to get as much work done as possible.. We would paint and then when we would make it back to the job site a different day after the paint would dry, we would usually install the mill work.. Accomplishments I acquired friends and business partners during this job.. I would see many people that we did business with and very often they would recommend us to their friends and family.. I also learned how to be very careful with the work that I do as paint cant be easily washed off or changed.. I learned to do it right the first time.. Skills Used Doing everything carefully was the key to this job.. Being very friendly with the crew and with the people we were doing business for was also a big deal.. I learned about the way houses are built and how to treat different parts of the houses and buildings differently. I'm proficient at leadership, apple, and paint.]
22965804, [I got my bachelor of science in international business from stetson university. As a Bus Washer, I worked from April 2012 to August 2012. And my major duty is Start date.. End date. I'm proficient at assemblyand paint shop.]
33141415, [I got my bachelor of science in it   web multimedia and animation from kaplan university. As a Painter, And my major duty is Prepared surfaces to receive coatings in accordance to specifications. Applied the appropriate primer coatings for substrate and finish. Applied finish coatings in accordance with manufacturer and customer specifications I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, php, and microsfot visual studio.]
26509539, [I got my business management in business management from la valley college. As a Owner, I worked from 03/1998 to now.And my major duty is Planning & Design tile projects for home owners.. Setting tile, deconstruction, kitchens, counter tops, bathrooms and outdoors.. Responsible for payroll and deductions for day laborers.. Bidding jobs and financial planning for projects.. Customized tile setting.. Negotiated contracts and bids with homeowners and realtors.. Coordinating employees in different job sites. I'm proficient at inventory management, reading, and supply inventory.]
36331163, [I got my diploma in diploma north rockland high school from north rockland high school. As a Warehouse Manager / Steel Tier, And my major duty is Tested machinery, equipment and parts to identify any defects.. Assembled and installed wiring, electrical and electronic components.. Assembled and maintained physical structures using hand and power tools.. Briefed new team members on procedures and project goals.. Ordered supplies, tools and equipment.. Read manufacturer manuals, diagrams and specifications prior to repairing equipment.. Coordinated schedules with various construction departments in plumbing works for new and existing buildings.. Cleaned drains and plumbing fixtures.. . I'm proficient at microsoft word, microsoft excel, and group leader.]
25656981, [I got my computer programming specialist in computer programming specialist   institute of computer science from itt technical institute school of drafting and design. As a General Contractor, I worked from Aug 2007 to Current. And my major duty is as an independent contractor specializing in remodeling services and new construction in both residential and commercial settings.. Residential projects include basement, kitchen, and bathroom remodels, deck building, room additions, and sunrooms.. Commercial projects include the retail and office build out for small and large businesses.. Provide self-performing contracting as either the general contractor or as a subcontractor.. Specialize in the restoration of older homes with modern updates and improvements.. Helped to facilitate a multistate retail outlet store build for Omaha Steaks.. Completed the retail space build out for the Complete Nutrition franchise in multiple states.. Coordinated the building of multiple Scooters Coffee Shops in Lincoln, NE, Olathe, KS, West Des Moines, IA, and Omaha, NE.. Remodeled the multiple cubicle office spaces at Mutual of Omaha, FDR, and DTN.. Remodeled the press room of the WOWT News Station in Omaha, NE.. Remodeled the Bellevue Foot and Ankle Clinic in Bellevue, NE.. education and Professional Development Current student at Randal School of Real Estate Licensed Class C Contractor with the City of Omaha Insured and Bonded with the City of Omaha Registered Contractor with the Nebraska Department of Labor. I'm proficient at windows server, press, and programming.]
26091595, [I got my electrical engineering in electrical engineering from pennsylvania state university. As a OSP / Deployment Engineer /Project Manager, I worked from 02/1996 to now.And my major duty is Design, Engineer and Project Manage fiber optic, copper, and wireless builds. Pole Line, Underground, and Bridge Design. Laterals, Building Entrance and Long Haul. Coordinate and oversee PaDot Utility Relocation projects. Supervise construction of cable route builds. Permit applications. Site and ROW Acquisitions. Project Estimation, Site Surveys, and Facility Inspection. Inspection of cable routes. Hot Cut Design and Splicing. Testing and troubleshooting. Emergency repairs of outside plant aerial and underground. Daily interfacing with customers and all people in all aspects of the telecommunications and utilities industry. Working knowledge of industry standards, construction methods and practices. PA, NJ, and DE One Call Screening with 100% accuracy and reliability. Off - hours One Call screening for Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware with 100% accuracy and reliability. I'm proficient at supervision, ms office, and construction management.]
11393213, [I got my associate of science   construction management in construction management from liberty university. As a Solar Panel Installer, I worked from 08/2018 to 03/2019. And my major duty is Isolated and addressed problems with electrical or environmental factors negatively impacting system operations.. Elegantly and skillfully connected system wiring and components to achieve both aesthetic and operational targets.. Calibrated system settings and arranged orientation for maximum solar access and optimal durability.. Put in place systems consistently surpassing code and safety standards.. Tested system wiring layouts, grounds and terminations to finalize installations.. Met and exceeded customer preferences with high-quality solar photovoltaic installations matching designs parameters.. Conducted visual inspections and physical tests on previously installed modules and systems to identify faults.. Examined blueprints, technical documentation and customer facilities to determine appropriate locations for installations.. Inventoried supplies and materials for installations and repairs, documented changes and requested new inventory to meet expected demand. I'm proficient at preventive and reparative maintenance, commercial construction, and forklift operation.]
14900898, [I got my project construction manager in project construction manager from jones high. As a Project manager / Construction Manager, I worked from January 2003 to January 2008. And my major duty is Hatti - Managed the set up and all logistics to working over seas project 6 tanks and the facility pipe line and pump stations.. New Mexico- Pipe line 17 mile long into the existing facility and built new API tanks 4.. Wyoming  Douglas, Pronghorn facility $ new tanks and all the facility pipe meter skids pump station rail way.. ? I'm proficient at tanks, coordinate and manage staff meetings very knowledge in the pipe line, and the one thing and most important i have the ability to understand how important it is to keep a strong relations ship with the owner and the engineers of the project.]
25098739, [I got my high school in high school from drexel j   thrash training center. As a Construction worker/ Painter, I worked from June 2005 to Current. And my major duty is Painting, Cleaning up some remolding houses and apartment's. I'm proficient at painting.]
78114950, [I got my h   s   diploma in apprenticeship from north monterey high school. As a Apprentice Carpenter, Journeyman Carpenter, I worked from 08/1986 to 04/1991. And my major duty is Rough Framing, Form Work, Roofing systems, General Cleanup.. 1990- 1992.. Reading Plans, Layout, Surveying, Setup crews for work loads.. Finish work, electrical, plumbing rough-in and top out. I'm proficient at works well independently, commercial construction, and good communication skills.]
35971546, [I got my master of science   construction engineering and management in construction engineering and management from jawaharlal nehru technological university. As a Project Engineer, I worked from February 2012 to October 2012. And my major duty is Oversaw million dollar residential construction project in collaboration with architects, engineers, subcontractors, owners, consultants, and municipalities.. Supervised contractors and project timelines, budgets and quality control.. Administered construction documentation.. Procured and tracked materials, facilitated punch list completion and ensured accuracy and on-time delivery.. Lead a team as an engineer responsible for project planning, estimation, contract management and material procurement.. Created the Baseline Schedule and studied acceptable free float and total float for each phase.. Evaluated the critical paths in the project schedules and evaluated alternative schedule options to identify optimum project strategies or resolve problems before or during execution.. Performed resourceloading and levelling, logic diagrams analysis, critical path looking two weeks ahead, and overall network analysis for senior management decision making.. Proposed cost-effective methods, balanced schedules and improved performance through strategic workforce management.. Assisted project manager with on-site visits and meetings with sub-contractors.. Inspected project sites to monitor progress and ensure conformance to design specifications and safety standards'.. Achieved project deadline by managing/scheduling/leading subcontractors. I'm proficient at engineer, insurance, and variance analysis.]
22019500, [I got my high school diploma in telecommunications from bishop forest high school. As a FTTP Local Manager, And my major duty is Provide for the timely construction of new build/upgrade of Fiber cable related facilities by effectively coordinating and/or planning with other departments, utility companies, builders/developers and local governmental authorities Schedule and direct all placing and splicing of Fiber cable in field Job site quality inspections, ensuring compliance with applicable engineering standards, City and State and State Codes, and other regulations Obtain construction permits and utility permits, including make-ready, right-of-way, railroad, road-bore and crossing permits Improve work efficiency by recommending method improvements, budget expenditures, equipment uses and modified construction placing of Fiber practices Manage/Supervise union employees, estimate workloads and assign priorities to ensure maximum productivity and that deadlines are met Issue Fiber placing projects to subcontractors after assessing their work schedule, availability and area of expertise Modify system design and construction plans when problems occur by using discretionary authority and knowledge of theory and design Monitor progress, material expenditures, overtime labor expenses, tool/equipment inventory. I'm proficient at engineer, telephony, and processes.]
12839152, [I got my certificate of completion in project management from virginia tech. As a Construction Manager, I worked from 04/2003 to 06/2011. And my major duty is Reviewed plans and specs during the schematic design of pre-construction.. Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.. Conducted weekly production and operations contractor meetings, which facilitated stronger communication and the ability to resolve critical issues.. Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel.. Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives.. Worked with construction administration consultants to plan field observations on schedule.. Digitally archived weekly progress and technical “Knowledge Base” photographs of all assigned projects.. Prepared and followed through on all required punch lists.. Oversaw the entire building turnover process, while enhancing communication between all construction management.. Assisted the operations group with warranty service repairs.. Offered direction to landscape architects on all landscaping projects.. Provided safety kits to all construction personnel, which complied with safety protocols for the job site.. Prepared regular interval progress reports.. Offered technical assistance to service providers.. Reported the quality of performance on site to all site construction managers.. Conducted routine quality audits to ensure that work was progressing per the specifications and initiated corrective actions.. Guided and directed third-party inspectors through project construction, commissioning and closeout.. Avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site inspections in a timely manner.. Supported construction management in emergency repair and restoration on both oil and natural gas pipeline systems.. Trained and promoted continued education for all onsite crew members.. Performed project acceptance inspections.. Conduct and scheduled training of Construction Inspectors.. Hire and review the inspection staff and assume all administrative responsibilities. I'm proficient at asphalt field, subcontractor management, and functional.]
16353584, [I got my high school in high school from community school. As a Construction Worker, I worked from February 2005 to March 2009. And my major duty is Cleaned construction site as directed Used materials and equipment to dig and shovel debris Built construction sites using maps and blueprints Laid bricks and plastered cement as instructed Used forklifts to move equipment from one place to another. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, reading, and change management.]
29878348, [I got my high school in high school from moneta high school. As a Package Handler, I worked from August 2005 to August 2006. And my major duty is Worked at a rapid pace to meet tight deadlines.. Cleared damaged items while loading freight.. Redirected and organized outbound shipments.. Operated powered pallet jacks and forklifts safely, with a 0% incident rate. I'm proficient at reliable, organized, and dependable.]
28815362, [I got my master of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from florida international university. As a Construction Inspector, I worked from 01/2005 to 01/2007. And my major duty is Utilize extensive organizational skills to maintain daily logs and supplement inspection records with photographs.. Meticulously review and interpret plans, blueprints, site layouts, specifications and construction methods to effectively ensure compliance to legal requirements and safety regulations.. Supervise 18 project employees, including in-house, external contractors, and sub-contractors.. Methodically ensure projects are progressing as per schedule and in accordance with local building codes and laws.. Utilized extensive engineering skills to perform field duties, including post-tension and conventional reinforcing steel inspection, concrete placement inspection, masonry inspection, sampling and testing, high-strength bolting and welding inspections done at various project sites.. Systematically conducted ongoing inspection of work-in-process to ensure final product successfully met drawings and specifications.. Assisted subordinates in understanding the process to increase staff skill levels.. Skillfully inspected materials to identify conformance to specifications, construction of surface street improvements and equipment installation activities to ensure conformity of products and systems with engineering design.. Expertly prepared comprehensive and concise daily reports to accurately reflect the day's construction activities with details.. Meticulously maintained up-to-date project records, as delegated by construction manager, including as-built drawings, material testing reports, miscellaneous inspection and testing reports, item quantity files and others as determined by construction manager to ensure comprehensive record of activities.. Evaluated quality of materials used and inspected them and quality of work completed to ensure all materials and work met requirements.. Employed extensive analytical skills to check plans for accuracy, suitability and completeness, and made recommendations for revision and improvement when necessary.. Proficiently arranged meetings with architects and builders to devise a plan to help builders save time while building structures as per zoning rules and standards.. Effectively provided daily feedback on construction work to builders and architects, and expertly advised them on the changes needed for compliance.. Reliably conducted ongoing inspection of work-in-process to ensure final product met drawings and specifications.. Liaise with clients and a variety of professionals including architects and subcontractors in a professional manner.. Utilize extensive engineering skills to proficiently conduct site inspections.. Meticulously complete complex and repetitive calculations to ensure construction conforms to code.. Ensure the project effectively complies with all legal requirements.. Assess the sustainability and environmental impact of project to ensure the environment is protected.. Inspect inventories and prepared orders for civil projects and refractory materials in line with budgeted figures averaging $2,000,000; coordinated and conducted section trials. I'm proficient at engineer in training, reading, and publisher.]
15564893, [I got my SEP in CLS  what is your major    SEP  september      general english from leeds university. As a Carpenter Helper, And my major duty is Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding.Built and stained oak casing and hardwood floors.Constructed custom built-in bookshelves for residential home office areas.Set windows and layouts for stairs and common rafters.Ordered materials and made material stock recommendations. I'm proficient at english, arabic, and carpentry.]
12491898, [I got my  in health care from houston community college. As a Patient Care Assistant, I worked from 08/2013 to 03/2017. And my major duty is Measured effectiveness with team and implemented recommendations for long term improvements.. Maintained confidentiality and compliance standards at all times.. Evaluated effectiveness of current strategies with interdisciplinary team and utilized recommendations to make permanent improvements to care standards.. Upheld confidentiality requirements and regulatory compliance guidelines in all areas.. Met with patients and families to discuss care and plan of action for future.. Maximized preventative care utilization to reduce hospital burden and help eliminate readmissions.. Reviewed each step of patient care and made proactive adjustments to avert issues.. Worked with patients and families to develop future plans and discuss care actions.. Performed as subject matter expert for case management processes.. Completed documentation of care, hospital actions and patient activities.. Updated documentation and reports detailing patient activities, care actions and hospital determinations.. Coordinated charitable, government and community resources for patients.. Connected patients with available community and charitable resources. I'm proficient at goal setting, problem solving, and dc.]
29574501, [I got my high school diploma in business from mastbaum area vocational tech. As a Bank Branch Manager, I worked from 01/1990 to 08/2003. And my major duty is Total involvement with all customer service including problem solving, on the spot decision making, leading and motivating the team.. Supervised eleven employees.. Performed reviews, disciplinary reports, attendance and performance records.. Increased sales by motivating sales team Maintained deposits over 30 million and loans over 10 million.. Followed bank guidelines and regulations.. Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed. I'm proficient at finance, general ledger accounting, and general ledger.]
32799518, [I got my high school diploma in high school from corinth holders high school   city. As a Stocker, I worked from 10/2020 to 01/2021. And my major duty is Operated manual and electric pallet jacks, safely relocating heavy merchandise on sales floor for timely stocking.. Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to vendors.. Rotated stock correctly to prevent out-of-date products and removed aging items from main shelving to build special promotional displays.. Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address inaccuracies.. Maintained accurate inventory records to provide data for use in audits and completion of order requests. Checked packages and merchandise for damage and notified vendors.. Consistently lifted materials weighing as much as 150 pounds.. Blocked and faced products on displays and shelves in accordance with company policy.. Moved and lifted heavy loads of merchandise using jack equipment.. Collaborated with backroom and receiving team, working night shifts to support inventory fulfillment goals.. Greeted customers and directed to requested products.. Helped customers locate desired items and transfer oversized items to vehicles.. Changed sales floor signs to show current pricing and support product promotions.. Assisted maintenance team with organizing and cleaning warehouse, stockroom and store near shift close.. Created balanced pallets to support efficient and safe sales floor replenishment.. Maintained fitness in order to move merchandise efficiently and safely.. Maintained effective team member communication.. Removed all debris and packaging from boxes and separated for recycling or disposal.. Answered customer questions and provided detailed product information.. Demonstrated strong communication skills and understanding of packing slip processing requirements.. Applied proper safety procedures in warehouse, stockroom and store and immediately informed management of safety concerns.. Performed inventory control, such as counting and stocking merchandise.. Placed special customer orders for custom or special order merchandise.. Placed products in correct storage locations to keep stock areas organized and inventory counts accurate.. Operated RF scanners to track merchandise and verify contents of containers. I'm proficient at store merchandising, stocking and replenishing, and preventive and reparative maintenance.]
28942221, [I got my  in counter   terrorism from burlington county police academy. As a Operations Specialist, And my major duty is Operated surveillance and search radar, electronic recognition equipment, and identification equipment.. Operated controlled approach devices and electronic aids to navigation.. Served as plotter and status board keeper.. Performed various security watch details.. Performed diversified security duties to protect government property from fire, theft, and unauthorized personnel.. Established and maintained various logs utilizing information obtained through numerous internal and external means including radio nets, electronic surveillance equipment and other various communication sources.. Established and maintained primary and secondary communication source for reporting and assessment during possible wartime and peacetime crisis.. Trained in the fighting and prevention of diversified classes of fires. I'm proficient at construction management, receiving, and government.]
10176013, [I got my bachelor of arts   business management in business management from gettysburg college. As a Sales Associate, And my major duty is Counseled customers on market current status for residential and land markets.. Coordinated appointments with prospective buyers to showcase houses and plots.. Wrote contract documents, purchase agreements and closing statements.. Assisted in developing marketing material for properties.. Actively follow-up with prospects and hot leads.. Followed up with prospects throughout the sales process.. Gathered, distributed and maintained all the materials for marketing plans. I'm proficient at a, calculating cost factors and prepares estimates, and methods.]
16378091, [As a Sandwich Artist/ Sales Associate, I worked from 10/2013 to 09/2014. And my major duty is Prepared a variety of foods according to customers' orders or supervisors instructions, following approved procedure.. Assembled food orders while maintaining appropriate portion control.. Prepared specialty foods, following specific methods that required quick prep time.. Maintained high standards of customer service during high-volume, fast-paced operations as well as completing closing procedures. I'm proficient at closing, restaurant operations, and sc.]
16203589, [I got my b   a   interior design in interior design from international academy of design and technology city   state interior design   international academy of design and technology warrior leader course   wlc        leadership wlc   formerly called primary leadership development course   pldc     is the first leadership course non   commissioned officers   ncos   attend   wlc is a month   long course that teaches specialists and corporals the basic skills to lead small groups of soldiers   this course is hard hitting and intensive with emphasis on leadership skills and prepares soldiers to advance to the rank of sergeant   ohio state university. As a Field Artillery Surveyor, I worked from July 1998 to September 2007. And my major duty is Records field data, prepares schematic sketches, and marks survey stations. Performs astronomic observation, measure azimuths, and angles and determines deviations for target, connection, and position area surveys with angular measuring equipment. Assist PADS operator with the transfer, strap down, and preparation for operations of PADS. Computes data using logarithms or calculator to obtain the unknown required field data to include computing for accuracy ratios and adjustment. Operates and performs PMCS on vehicles, radios, weapons, and all survey equipment. I'm proficient at excel most other office programs, organized, and detailed knowledge of florida building codes.]
63145386, [I got my bachelor of science   finance in finance from oakland university. As a Project Controller, I worked from June 2012 to June 2014. And my major duty is Developed cost estimates by evaluating construction quotes and material estimates, applying historical costs against current costs, and updating pricing schedules Controlled project expenses by classifying and evaluating project expenditures, comparing expenditures to project budgets, analyzing purchases, and assessing cost trends Selected sub-contractors by evaluating bids, locating and qualifying sub-contractors, attaining and maintaining sub-contractor documentation, and inspecting adherence to drawings, specifications, and schedules Guided project operations by developing, writing, and updating policies, procedures, and guidelines Maintained efficient production flow by developing and monitoring inventory systems. I'm proficient at draw, imageready, and processes.]
13907230, [I got my bachelor of science   construction management in construction management from eastern washington university. As a Voluntary Business Manager, And my major duty is Managed appropriate documentation in order to abide by Washington State Department of Early Learning law. Assured that safety protocols met Washington State Law by eliminating all hazards. Efficiently maintained onsite equipment. Developed floor plan that illustrates egress in case of emergency. Generated spreadsheet that showcased business expenses and monthly revenue I'm proficient at ability to quickly understand the customers needs and expectations, powerpoint, and proficient technical skills in autocad.]
21586858, [I got my ba   business administration in business administration from old dominion university. As a Construction / Warranty Manager, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2000. And my major duty is Oversee construction of a multi-million dollar custom home subdivision in Virginia Beach.. Responsibilities included: Scheduling contractors, budget management, quality control, purchase orders, customer service and payment to tradesmen after completion of work. ]
61065616, [I got my bachelor of science   construction management in construction management from belford university. As a Construction Materials Field Representative F  Construction Materials Field Representative, And my major duty is Performed compaction testing of placed fill, sampled concrete and sampled hot-mixed asphalt Performed compaction tests on asphalt to determine roll patterns, asphalt coring, sampled aggregates for asphalt mix design Performed Laboratory testing included sieve analysis, plasticity index, proctor, specific gravity, sand calibration, rice and Marshall unit weight Performed field evaluation of project sites for geotechnical evaluations including logging boring/test pit/rock core explorations, soil classification and sampling and  percolation testing Coordinated  utilities locate and traffic control when needed and preparing site descriptions for geotechnical evaluation reports Performed Reinforcing Steel Inspections on various types of structures. I'm proficient at logging, laboratory testing, and calibration.]
19471144, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from university of nebraska   lincoln. As a Construction Management Administrator, I worked from April 1980 to September 1993. And my major duty is Schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines.. Confer with supervisory personnel, contractors, or engineers to discuss and resolve matters, such as work procedures, complaints, or construction problems.. Prepare contracts and negotiate revisions, changes and additions to contractual agreements with engineers, architects, consultants, suppliers and subcontractors.. Prepare and submit budget estimates, progress reports, or cost tracking reports to project engineers and construction manager.. Interpret and explain plans and contract terms to administrative staff.. Plan, organize, or direct activities concerned with the construction or maintenance of structures, facilities, or systems.. Take actions to deal with the results of delays, bad weather, or emergencies at construction site.. Inspect or review projects to monitor compliance with building and safety codes, or other regulations.. Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods.. Select, contract, and oversee workers who complete specific pieces of the project, such as painting or plumbing.. Process contractor pay requests.. Developed and administered a craft labor tracking system (CLTS) for outage craft labor.. Generate reports from CLTS for management presentation to the Board of Directors.. Paralegal for power plant construction litigation (1980 - 1984). I'm proficient at negotiation, plumbing, and receiving.]
17342969, [I got my bachelors of science   business management in business management from john patterson state technical college city. As a Product Engineering Assistant Manager, I worked from 01/1989 to now.And my major duty is Led all Product Design activities.. Controlled all Product Designs to insure that these designs would be within current capabilities on the process side.. Expected to design all process fixtures, jigs, and equipment for the products we were designing.. Customer Focus:  Mission was to exceed the customers' expectations within capabilities.. Made sure that the extra steps were taken to insure our customers that Thermasys was their best choice.. Regularly visited with the Technical staff at the customer locations in an effort to insure viability of the design.. Aftermarket:  Designed, prototyped and launched into production a new Ford Aftermarket Radiator product line, which resulted in $2.5M in additional revenue to the organization.. Original Equipment Customers:  Account manager for all John Deere product launches.. My leadership skills enabled us to launch each of their new products on time and within budget.. During my tenure in the Engineering group, Thermasys was one of their best supply partners.. QS 9000 Efforts:  Developed and implemented a document control process incorporating new numbering schemes and controlled document binders in preparation for QS 9000 Certification, which was accomplished in 1996.. President's Award:  Received the Insilco (Holding company) President's Award recognizing my involvement in the design and engineering of a new tube that would result in the existing tubes being obsolete.. This tube profile has revolutionized the Tubing industry enabling end users to take cost out of their materials by reducing gauges. I'm proficient at leadership, labor negotiations, and change agent.]
10041713, [I got my bachelor of instrumentation engineering in instrumentation engineering from maharishi markendeshwar engineering college. As a Assistant Manager-Energy Solutions, I worked from July 2010 to May 2013. And my major duty is Schneider Electric India Pvt. Ltd, 9th Floor, DLF Building No.10, Tower C, I'm proficient at engineer, security, and quotations.]
24770846, [I got my associate of science   construction management in construction management from san jose state. As a Construction Safety Manager, I worked from 04/1998 to 11/2014. And my major duty is As Safety Manager I am responsible for all documentation and credentials in order to work on our job        sites.. Assist job site Superintendent with pre-construction safety.. Safety orientation and training for new hires.. Performed daily walk through several times a day.. I would assist in correcting all environmental issues.. Have safety tailgate meetings every morning at each job site.. Go over all JSA & MOP for that day and it was written.. Would make sure every worker was on and read the JSA.. Performed accident reports and investigations.. Would write a root cause analysis.. Review Contractor safety submittals and resolve deficiencies.. Responsible for Storm Water Pollution Prevention.. Administer Hazard Communication Program.. Maintained all OSHA & ANSI safety standards for all.. Make sure everyone are in compliance with all Federal, State, Local and SLAC regulations. I'm proficient at navfac army corps engineering contractor quality management cqm, grounding and bonding electrical systems, and overhead cranes jib hoist inspection.]
24740005, [I got my bachelor of arts   business administration and management in business administration and management from college of southern nevada. As a New Construction Business Developer, I worked from 06/2007 to 08/2014. And my major duty is Planned marketing initiatives and leveraged referral networks to promote business development. Planned over 50 quarterly networking events to strengthen brand initiatives and maximize outreach. Able to obtain 300 people in attendance. Rewrote and updated scripts and selling procedures to decrease downtime and increase sales by 70%. Assisted with proposal writing with project ranging from $250,000-$10,000,000. Responsible for cultivating relationships with developers, investors, REIT accounts I'm proficient at team management, salesforce, and personnel acquisition training.]
14585273, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from delaware valley college. As a Facilities Manager, And my major duty is Conducted the planning, budgeting, purchasing, and implementation of all facilities operations and tenant improvements for multiple shopping, office and industrial buildings.. Responsible for purchasing all maintenance supplies, supervising property and system maintenance, landscaping, snow removal.. HVAC, sprinkler, electrical, parking lot and roofing inspections, repair and routine maintenance.. Supervised and scheduled all maintenance functions to support daily operations.. Responsible for contracting of all capital and tenant improvement projects; supervision of onsite personnel and contractors, supervision of repairs, remodeling, custodial crew, grounds crew, and supporting services.. Responsible for supervising  approximately 55 employees in 12 buildings on 395 acres of land; and all maintenance and service equipment such as lot sweepers, floors scrubbers, compressors, HVAC equipment, generators and electric tools.. Achieved the highest possible net operating income by implementing cost controland revenue improvement programs. I'm proficient at finance, remodeling renovation and remediation, and word excel powerpoint.]
28756444, [I got my heavy equipment repair and operation in heavy equipment repair and operation from citi. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Collected and removed debris from work sites to maintain team productivity and minimize safety hazards.. Reduced wasteful spending by accurately cutting baseboard and trim materials according to specifications.. Measured and marked openings and distances to prepare sites for trim and stair installation.. Collaborated with multiple teams to complete large-scale housing projects, promoting team-oriented atmosphere.. Maintained clean, safe working environment by removing waste from job site prior to shift completion.. Install doors, trim, baseboards, and custom stairs to contractors specifications.And my major duty is Inspected titanium, stainless steel and carbon steel products and work processes to determine compliance.. Handled, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.. Reviewed maintenance documents and MSDS records for completion and accuracy prior to archiving and completion.. Tracked findings and updated computer tracking system with documented assessments.. Marked finished products with grades and accepted or rejected designations.. Completed evaluations by properly using various gauges, tools and equipment.. Recommended corrective actions to minimize rate of product defects.. Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations against specifications.. Conducted routine visual inspections of prior work to uncover issues with compliance and tolerances.. Documented, filed and maintained proper inspection records and quality assurance documents.. Interpreted and classified production and quality data for multiple products.. Measured product dimensions to assess compliance with specifications.. Notified supervisors about production problems and helped identify and correct concerns.. Conducted material inspections of incoming material.. Assessed finished items for defects and ordered reworks to eliminate irregularities.. Observed employee fieldwork and usage of materials for quality and consistency.. Trained new employees to perform and document quality inspections and audits.. Resolved quality issues during final inspection and escalated major problems to a quality manager.. Inspected quality of finished products, making minor repairs to meet project expectations.. Performed quality control duties and responsibilities, including inspecting and maintaining traceability.. Completed all timesheets, traceability forms and final documentations on time.. Forklift and crane certified.. Maintained shipping and receiving.. Cut all materials to exact requirements made by customers specifications.. Cold and hot stretched materials set by customers specifications.. Helped different teams in different areas when needed.. Trained to comply to OSHA standards and regulations.And my major duty is Removed and properly disposed of snow for public safety.. Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.. Resolved issues with cash registers, card scanners and printers.. Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers and maintain satisfaction levels.. Increased sales by suggesting specific purchases to customers.. Observed company return policy when processing refunds, including inspecting merchandise for wear or damage.. Processed transactions per day with exceptional accuracy.. Promoted specific item options to drive sales and achieve add-on purchases.. Trained new team members in cash register operation, stock procedures and customer service.. Monitored sales events, added new merchandise and rang up purchases.. Maintained high productivity by efficiently processing cash, credit, debit and voucher program payments for customers.. Assisted management with completing end-of-day counts and securing funds to prevent loss or theft.. Processed all sales transactions accurately and promptly to prevent long customer wait times.. Helped customers find specific products, answered questions and offered product advice.. Inspected items for damage and obtained replacements for customers.. Properly verified customer identification for alcohol or tobacco purchases.. Assisted customers with account updates, new service additions and promotional offers.. Wiped down counters and conveyor belt to remove debris and maintain cleanliness.. Resolved issues regarding customer complaints and escalated worsening concerns to management for remediation.. Learned roles of other departments to provide coverage and keep store operational.. Completed daily recovery tasks to keep areas clean and neat for maximum efficiency.. Operated cash register, collected payments and provided accurate change.. Wrapped items and bagged purchases properly to prevent merchandise breakage.. Received payments for all merchandise and issued receipts.. Welcomed customers, offering assistance to help find necessary store items.. Refueled semi trucks, removed snow and debris, and washed windows for safety.And my major duty is Assisted distribution of tools, materials and equipment to skilled workers.. Prepared sites for concrete work by breaking up damaged concrete and leveling or contouring ground.. Assisted electrical, plumbing and carpentry teams by completing basic and semi-skilled work.. Collected and removed debris from work sites to maintain team productivity and minimize safety hazards.. Read and understood specifications, drawings and blueprints to complete accurate, high-quality work.. Signaled equipment operators to help align machinery movements and smoothly transfer materials.. Operating and maintaining excavators, loaders, skid steers, bulldozers, and backhoes.. Organized and maintained tools and equipment to enhance work efficiency.. Assisted project planning by measuring distances and marking locations using tape measures and other measuring tools.. Met company and OSHA safety guidelines for work site operations to minimize worker risk.. Used picks and shovels to dig, spread and level dirt and gravel.. Maintained clean, safe working environment by removing waste from job site prior to shift completion. I'm proficient at leadership, problem resolution, and work ethic.]
10281555, [I got my associate of science in criminal justice from tallahassee community college. As a Safty trainning Petty Officer,  I'm proficient at good verbal written communication skills, commercial awareness, and problem solving skills.]
48549972, [I got my associate degree   risk management in  from barrington college. As a Construction Safety Officer, I worked from Jun 1998 to Aug 2005. And my major duty is Responsible for weekly safety reports that were presented field and office management.. Responsible for quarterly safety audits for the local state and federal safety agencies.. Responsible for developing and updating all safety policies on all work sites. I'm proficient at audit reports, unique, and office management.]
17252448, [I got my master of science   civil engineering in civil engineering from l   j   institute of technology. As a Site Supervisor, I worked from 01/2015 to 12/2015. And my major duty is Maintained Pile Driving heavy equipment, tools and machinery in good working order by efficiently completing Pile Driving Operations. Initiated onsite safety program and properly trained all team members, decreasing injuries by 95%. Sourced suppliers and purchased necessary materials for work. Analyzed project blueprints and specifications to identify exact number of worker's needed to complete job. Delegated assignments based on site plans, project needs and knowledge of individual team members I'm proficient at project scheduling, osha safety requirements, and budget planning.]
15721849, [I got my associate of arts   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from pensacola junior college. As a Certified Nuclear Component Inspector, I worked from 01/1980 to 01/1989. And my major duty is Performed Non-Destructive testing on nuclear components manufactured by Westinghouse and other nuclear component companies.. Nondestructive Testing (NDT) is a type of quality control inspection that does not harm the parts being tested.. NDT Inspectors use sophisticated technology to look through steel and concrete to identify and diagnose flaws without disrupting the integrity of the structure.. An example of Nondestructive Testing would be performing XRAYs on pipe welds to look for cracks that might cause a leak.. Initiated statistical analysis project that resulted in sound recommendations adopted by entire department.Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.Collaborated with engineers and project managers regarding design parameters for client projects.Tested and monitored product safety, leading to safer electronic communications products. I'm proficient at management information systems, inventory management, and government.]
56525735, [I got my bachelor of architecture in architecture from montana state university. As a Project Engineer V - Architect, I worked from 03/2003 to 09/2009. And my major duty is Lead project technical expert for projects with budgets up to $25M required for development and integration of all design and construction activities associated with established and maintained ground systems and baseline architecture for space flight.. Reviewed government contracted A/E project designs and provided construction oversight related to the most current engineering and construction industry practices.. Provided design and construction documents to implement state-of-the-art construction methods and techniques for repairs and/or replacement of civil, structural, and architectural systems with respect to the best and current engineering and construction industry practices for implementation.. Developed the NASA and USAF construction scope of work required to rehabilitate, renovate, modernize, or provide new ground systems and baseline architecture for ground operations at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Kennedy Space Center, Florida.. Performed bid evaluations, responded to RFI(s), and reviewed shop drawings for approval to the general contractors and their subcontractors.. Coordinated and performed schedule integration of utility outages and connections along with conducting walk-downs of existing infrastructure with the operation and maintenance personnel. I'm proficient at technical support, plumbing, and construction management.]
51638201, [I got my high school diploma in high school from el dorado high school. As a Superintendent, I worked from 10/2007 to 11/2008. And my major duty is Supervise crew from beginning to end of project.. Schedule all inspections, permits on daily basis.. Budget analysis of current and upcoming project jobs.. Attend pre-construction meetings with customers.. Order and manage materials & equipment.. Create schedules for crews.. Create construction schedule for customers Build and install communications sites Install electrical services to sites Install grounding systems related to communications sites Form up concrete slabs, for equipment and pour Climb towers to install communications antennas and coax Sweep Test coax to ensure installation, punch-list sites after completion.. Developed standard operation procedures and quality or safety standards for tower installation work.. Managed the development, design and construction of tower energy conservation projects to ensure acceptability of budgets and time lines, conformance to federal and state laws or adherence to approved specifications. I'm proficient at equipment maintenance, direction, and energy conservation.]
94503308, [I got my bachelor of science in construction management from university of nebraska. As a Office Manager and Assistant Party Chief, I worked from January 2000 to January 2002. And my major duty is Managed survey crews.. Prioritized job orders.. Processed billing statements.. Coordinated fieldwork assignments for all employees.. Provided field work and drafting for topographical surveys, boundary surveys, improvement location reports, and elevation certificates.. Researched and analyzed various county plats.. Provided survey documentation to appropriate banking institutions and insurance companies.. Compiled construction staking for commercial and residential construction sites. I'm proficient at insurance, direction, and materials.]
27835351, [I got my diploma in northridge from northridge high school. I have 4 work experiences. And my major duty is Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.. Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.. Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systems.. Maintained facility interior, including shampooing carpets, washing walls, waxing and stripping floors and dusting furniture and fixtures.. Used electrical drawings to troubleshoot and repair electro-mechanical and other systems.. Framed new construction of single-family homes and townhomes.. Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.. Cut roofing paper to size and nailed and stapled paper to roof in overlapping strips to form base for roofing materials.. Mopped and poured hot asphalt and tar onto roof base while applying asphalt and tar and gravel to roof.. Resolved both technical and contractual issues in constructive, positive manner.. Shaped materials to exact measurements for job requirements using hand tools and power equipment.. Examined buildings and project specifications to determine measurements and dimensions.. Installed building structures such as windows, trim and cabinetry alone or with assistants to meet job deadlines.. Operated terrain telescoping forklift, backhoe, skid steer and tractor.. Prepared, cut and installed custom cabinetry, built-in bookcases and staircases.. Selected lumber based on particular species, characteristics, size, applications and applicable adhesives.. Set windows and layouts for stairs and common rafters.. Cut and installed tile and hardwood flooring for over. 6. residential and commercial buildings.. Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding.. Worked independently on projects and tasks within 1-person carpentry team.. Safely operated power saws, planers, jointers, routers and pneumatic equipment for. 365+. days without accident.. Cut timber, panels and other wooden materials according to measured dimensions.. Installed floor joists, trusses and rafters.. Consistently constructed square and level projects.. Safely used band, circular, jig, reciprocating, chop and compound miter saws.And my major duty is Collaborated with building managers to assess ongoing needs and plan preventive maintenance schedules.. Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.. Executed daily operations of preventive maintenance on electrical panels, motor controls and switch gears.. Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.. Replaced wall sockets, ran lines and completed basic carpentry to finish installations.. Installed new systems, replacement parts and components to maintain proper operation.. Maintained compliance with internal and regulatory safety standards, including OSHA.. Routinely inspected equipment for preventive and emergency maintenance needs.. Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systems.. Assessed system operations to identify potential areas requiring maintenance services.. Carried out repair work on food grade equipment, typically returning machines and tools to service within 1-2 hours.. Inspected electrical components to identify defects and hazards and make necessary adjustments.And my major duty is Managed shop jobs to complete work orders on time and keep tasks prioritized.. Documented diagnostic testing and repair work to maintain accurate records on all vehicles.. Performed electrical, plumbing, carpentry and appliance maintenance.. Conducted troubleshooting tasks to diagnose issues and determine appropriate fixes.. Reconstructed floors, walls and roofs to repair damage such as flooding.. Installed and repaired plumbing, including water lines, drains and fixtures.. Tested and troubleshot equipment to locate source of problems and develop correction plans.. Used caulking compounds and piping to repair gas lines for safe RV operation.. Read work orders to understand and plan for specific service needs of different customers and RVs.. Installed water heaters, furnaces and other equipment in RVs.And my major duty is Performed quality work in alignment with company procedures and values.. Read and interpreted blueprints to effectively plan and execute projects.. Improved knowledge and productivity through continuous education and learning from foreman and senior assemblers.. Assembled building material components, including wall panels and roof and floor trusses.. Installed heat trace tape to tubing and controls and bent large tubing with power bender.. Inserted and positioned materials and clamped, spliced and fitted parts using hand and power tools. I'm proficient at organizational ability, equipment maintenance, and carpentry.]
38946032, [I got my master of business administration in accounting from long island university. As a Junior/Staff Accountant, And my major duty is Accountable for the daily and monthly reconciliations of 30-plus general ledger accounts Created journal entries to ensure accurate maintenance of the general ledger Calculated agent's liens on their accounts and garnished checks as needed each month Ensure that all items are cleared correctly and balance to zero for each assigned account Monitor and reviewed any unusual activity in the accounts and reported to supervisor Maintained 100% acceptable status on all accounts Interacted with internal and external customers to provide quality service in a timely fashion Applied accounting principles and procedures to work assignments Participated in company sponsored training classes to enhance technical skills Technology Team -  Worked with divisional team in identifying opportunities for improvement        of manual processes in multiple areas throughout the department through the use of technology.. Automated Workflow Project -  Led a team in the research and development of the AWF system to the department.. This system is used to provide multiple areas with the current status of critical items needed to be cleared by the end of each month to reduce/eliminate additional research, emails, and phone calls.. Critical Items Project -  Recommended a monthly meeting created to streamline and account for all critical items throughout the department to be communicated directly to management in the various service centers to get cleared timely. I'm proficient at general ledger accounting, streamline, and general ledger.]
39674782, [I got my master   s   business management in  from college of eastern utah. As a Natural Resource Planner/ AutoCAD Technician, And my major duty is Established a new work station utilizing AutoCAD & ArcView software programs for the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe's Planning Department, this allowed for better mapping system for community development purposes.. Produced and compiled a comprehensive ten-year natural resource plan.. Examined annual reports and provided recommendations for fifty-three departments.. Reviewed project specifications and offered insight for possible changes effecting community development.. Oversaw department needs assessments in relation to departmental goals and objectives for fifty-three departments. I'm proficient at arcview, leadership, and enterprise.]
29193505, [I got my bachelors degree in bachelors from lubbock christian university. As a Installation Technician, I worked from 01/1993 to now.And my major duty is Travel throughout Texas and Oklahoma to install twisted wire and fiber optic telephone and data cables in office buildings.. Following wiring diagrams blueprints and ensures accuracy of cable and junction box layout.. Testing all units to ensure a passing grade.. Installation of A/V system, light mods, stage set ups. I'm proficient at safe job site set up, heavy equipment operator, and anritsu.]
12890045, [As a Assistant Manager/Group Teacher, I worked from Sep 1998 to Jan 2006. And my major duty is Opened facility and supervised a staff of seven employees.. Coordinated bookkeeping, payroll and daily deposits.. Managed shipping/receiving and inventory control. I'm proficient at powerpoint, microsoft excel, and sales and marketing software.]
29894080, [I got my m   s b   s   petro   civil engineering in petro   civil engineering from university of southern california. As a Senior Construction Project Manager, I worked from January 2002 to now.And my major duty is California, U.S.. Projects Completed Continue:.. Steton Construction,       Project: Commercial          Brea, CA  At the Aerospace Corporation government facility, managed, coordinated and scheduled subcontractors in the structural renovation and retrofit of several buildings and laboratory facilities.. Updated all framing, plumbing, electrical, HVAC, controls, and fire code issues.I worked from January 1997 to January 2002. And my major duty is Project Manager,          Project: Residential/ Public Works          Orange County, CA  Managed, coordinated and scheduled subcontractors, inspections, permits, submittals, RFI&rsquo;s, approved RWO, WO and CO.. Assured safety during construction and completion of several residential projects throughout Ventura and L.A County.. Responsible for the inspection, approval and completion of all grading, surveying, underground wet/dry utilities, road construction paving and engineering.. 1986&ndash; 1997   Projects Completed:.. Texaco/Smith Construction, Project Manager,       Project: Commercial/ Industrial          Ecuador, South America  At the Raptor Rain Forest Project, managed and supervised a $125M Environmental/Remediation, Land Development and Construction Project with 200+ employees.. Ensure time cost effectiveness and liability minimization of personnel, equipment and material for several off and on-site projects where grading, road paving/engineering and several infrastructure and construction projects were developed.And my major duty is Supervised a number of projects at Refineries and D.W.P&rsquo;s throughout Southern California such as the Arco Clean Fuel Project.. Managed and schedule construction of structures, process equipment and infrastructure ensuring a safe and timely completion of every task for the improvement of buildings, underground utilities, road construction, soil decontamination, containment and change of custody of environmental contaminated materials.. Kasler Construction, Assistant Project Manager,          Project: Highway, Bridge/Underpass          Santa Barbara, CA          Highway road Construction design built and Engineering.. Coordinated, scheduled and conducted inspections with subcontractors on a FREEWAY and BRIDGE/UNDERPASS project with CALTRANS for the City of Santa Barbara.. Submittals, change orders, R.F.I&rsquo;s, and general construction contract administration.. Consolidated Concrete Structures, Assistant Superintendent, Project: Commercial          Oxnard, CA  Business Center Complex Development: Assisted in the supervision and development of numerous commercial buildings and assured the safety of employees during the construction and completion of several TILT-UP structures. I'm proficient at ca, plumbing, and prime.]
32025286, [I got my associate of science   cnm of new mexico   engineering in engineering from international business college. As a Owner Operator, And my major duty is Dirt and Utility contractor throughout the State of New Mexico.. Projects consisted of building water and waste water pipelines, building pads, and roads.. Subcontracted to Jaynes, Gerald Martin, Blue Sky Builders, FHP, JG Daniels just to name a few. I'm proficient at cost analysis, san, and subcontractor management.]
21567392, [I got my bachelor of arts   petroleum engineering in petroleum engineering from university of miskolc. As a UAE, And my major duty is Projects executed were for Abu Dhabi Marine Operating Company (ADMA-OPCO), Abu Dhabi Company for Oil Operations (ADCO), Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited (GASCO), Abu Dhabi Oil Refining Company (TAKREER), Zakum Development Company (ZADCO), Abu Dhabi Gas Liquefaction Company Limited (ADGAS)  Saudi Aramco, Total, Qatar Petroleum (QP), Shell, Maersk oil, OXY-Qatar and Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd - India (ONGC).. Responsibilities: Reporting to both the Project Management and the Yards Management on Technical, Quality, HSE and resources issues.. Oversee the completion of fabrication & Erection works in accordance with contract specification, project planning schedules and approved method statements, construction drawings/cultists, and in accordance with NPCC and Clients HSE standards.. Co-ordinate different areas & disciplines activities such as piping, E&I, structures & piping prefabrication and erection activities, painting, pressure vessel, QA/QC inspectors and subcontractors.. Coordinating and directing all site activities as per approved schedule and for efficient cost effective management of all resources deployed.. Enforce safety rules as per the approved HSE procedures at Site.. Liaise and Lead the Rigging section for the performance of major lifts & load-outs for the Projects handled, and provide technical support and guidance as necessary.. Control product quality and maintain high standards.. Assure that only Approved welders, and Approved Procedures for the specific Project are utilized.. Co-ordinate with Client representatives on all matters related to the project activities.. Overseeing piping / steel structure fabrication and erection activities for simultaneous multiple projects.. Raise Lessons Learnt reports and conduct Risk Assessment studies and ensure their implementation on applicable site activities.. Prepare Construction Methods and Procedures as required.. Projects executed: EPC Works for Satah Full Field Development Project at Zirku Island (ZADCO) EPC of 12" Flexible Pipeline & Associated Works at Zirku Island (ZADCO) EPC of 42" New Main Oil Line at Zirku Island (ZADCO). I'm proficient at engineer, technical support, and risk assessment.]
32265203, [I got my bristol eastern adult ed in bristol eastern adult ed from bristol. As a Time Keeper / Shipping / Quality Control, I worked from July 1993 to July 1999. And my major duty is I put in the time for all the employees into the system and the duties performed on a daily basis...Helped achieve company goals by supporting production workers.  Maintained proper stock levels on a line.  Developed production tracking and quality control systems, analyzing production, quality control, maintenance and other operational reports, to detect production problems.  Monitored and adjusted production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.  Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using tools such as calipers, micrometers, height gauges, protractors and ring gauges.  Started up and shut down processing equipment.. Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times.Unloaded cargo from truck with hand trucks and pallet jacks.  Analyzed and interpreted blueprints, data and manuals to determine precise specifications.  Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and installations to spec.  Handled, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, work well with coworker s, and great customer service.]
27246366, [I got my bachelor of science   construction management technology in construction management technology from ohio state university. As a Senior Construction Manager, I worked from Mar 1994 to Aug 2013. And my major duty is Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.. Carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.. Managed the rights of way, easement and dedication processes.. Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.. Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.. Directed the general contractor on required mock-up preparation.. Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction administration consultants.Reviewed and investigated Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).. Acted as the liaison between landscape architects and the general contractors.. Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.. Assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.. Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits.. Accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management.. Efficiently recorded and rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site.. Monitored the safety of all construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority.. Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all on-site issues.. Acted as the liaison with company safety representatives to promote awareness and understanding of safety protocols.. Coordinated training for the construction teams on site-specific requirements, techniques and procedures.. Properly maintained all on-site equipment and vehicles. I'm proficient at customer service satisfaction, multi task management, and expense control.]
27066370, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from university of the incarnate word city. As a Administrative Assistant/Office Manager, And my major duty is Provide high level administrative support to President and Vice President.. Plan and organize daily operations in order to ensure all projects are on schedule.. Process payroll weekly through ADP; handle Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.. Maintain books for five companies which include reconciling checking and credit card accounts on QuickBooks.. Create and maintain budget reports for tracking expenses for each job site.. Place orders for materials needed for job sites when necessary.. Prepare and upload closeout documents and photos for each job site.. Make travel arrangements for all personnel. I'm proficient at data entry, materials, and database.]
21363048, [I got my mba   masters business administration in mechanical engineering from university of florida. As a Manager, Facilities Engineering, And my major duty is Lead the Engineering Services Department comprised of 100 plus employees that consisted of artists, skilled craftsman, planners, schedulers and salaried leaders to maintain the facilities and aesthetics for Walt Disney World - Magic Kingdom.. Functions include: Coached the proactive facility team in day to day maintenance, preventative maintenance, predictive maintenance, for the entire Magic Kingdom Complex, Ensured our system data was current and accurate, Managed Department Budget ($16M). Managed Magic Kingdoms A&E resources as well as helped outsource Design and Engineering needs, Recruited and Managed a network of Contractors and Sub-Contractors to achieve and accomplish the goals and objectives of Senior management, Rotational Park Duty Manager, trained to handle all operations of the park as well as handle specific  guests issues and emergency situations, Notable projects: Space Mountain Ride System Upgrade, Fantasy Land Improvements, Big Thunder Mountain Rehab, Pirates of the Caribbean Rehab, Adventureland improvements - Alladin and Area Development, Philharmarnic, Small World Rehab, Cinderella's Castle Rehab, Stitches Great Escape, Crystal Palace Major Renovation, Confectionary Rehab, Emporium Expansion, Main Street Café Rehab, and Out Door Foods Facility,  Ultimately all projects were managed to promote the Goal of making the improvements the best guest experience in the family entertainment industry. I'm proficient at energy management, building add ons all within the scope as a senior manager and owner with leadership experience of jobs ranging from to million, and consulting naturally plays a valuable skill set some hands on experience over the past years includes energy efficiency.]
21782152, [I got my associate of applied science   business administration        st   charles community college   city   state associate of applied science   paralegal studies in business administration from st   charles community college. As a Office Manager/Field Supervisor, I worked from July 2007 to April 2011. And my major duty is Under $500,000 annual income and budget.  Help write and implement mission statement, ensure SEC filings, Certificate of Good Standing, Annual Reports, etc.,  Administrative Policies and Procedures, Company Rules and Regulations, Highly ethical and practice due diligence, ensure confidentiality of all business matters and compliance of all state laws and legal requirements.General Office Duties:  A/R, A/P including monthly reconciliation of business accounts using QuickBooks, Annual Tax Preparation, General Office Procedures included Filing, Correspondence, Ordering Office Materials, Client Contact, Sales and Marketing, including direct mailings and flyer designing and distribution. Field Supervisor Duties:  Schedule work crews, Ordering and Pickup/Delivery of equipment, tools, and materials for each job.  Schedule job labor and deliver materials, ensure local and state compliance of all jobs.  Job site quality control and training on simple work tasks.  Ongoing communication with crew and customers through completion of job assignment. Handle Negotiations of contracts when necessary to help facilitate the best outcome for all parties involved. I'm proficient at corporate law, bankruptcy law debtor s rights chapter and, and workers compensation law domestic family law.]
16626724, [I got my bachelor of arts in museum studies from city college of new york city. As a Construction and Design Project Manager, I worked from 10/2002 to now.And my major duty is Oversee all facets of project management for several multimillion-dollar restaurant and residential projects in       New York City and London, including contract negotiations and administration, project estimation, material       purchasing, budget management, and site management; managed design and construction for 10 projects to       date.. Coordinate with owner and investors during pre-construction phase to develop requirements, scopes of work, and       budgets; execute and manage budget and schedules from conception to completion.. Organize trades, procure source materials, and liaise between owner, principal architect, designers, engineers,       subcontractors, and vendors.. Partner with architects to solicit bids for construction and design, assess bids, and award contracts.. Manage selection and hiring of design and construction subcontractors, and work with both teams to achieve       milestones on time and on budget.. Document observations and photograph ongoing design and construction work, produce field reports, and       regularly communicate project status to internal partners weekly.. Investigate issues and expedite resolution to maintain timelines and budgets; develop strategies to prevent       recurrence of issues.. Research and commission artisans to build site specific and custom objects for interior and exterior design and       décor.. Source and purchase materials from international vendors, and purchase and coordinate material shipments from       vendors to construction sites.. Ensure compliance with requisite regulations, including federal, state, and local building codes and safety       guidelines.. Past experience includes Education Program Coordinator at Solomon R.. Guggenheim Museum, Office Manager at Cranmer Art Conservation, Inc., and Assistant Program Manager at Trinity College. I'm proficient at office manager, materials, and hiring.]
25224998, [I got my bachelor of science   construction management in construction management from eastern michigan university. As a Combat Engineer: Construction Foreman, E-7, And my major duty is Serve as Platoon Sergeant of a 42 Marine size platoon that is responsible for the professional development, morale, health and welfare of Marines.. Mentor Marines on the knowledge and procedures for: horizontal and vertical construction, blueprint reading, concrete form construction, concrete mixing and pouring, concrete saw operations, masonry work, concrete block and brick laying techniques, 250/260 CFM compressor operation and maintenance procedures, basic surveying techniques, soils testing, airfield damage repair, bridging operations, and security operations.. Create bill of materials, drawings, and submitted supporting documentation required for construction projects as necessary.. Maintained accountability for over 1.2 million dollars in tools and equipment.. Awards:. (3) Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medals. Iraq Campaign Medal with Bronze Star. Global War on Terrorism Service Medal. (4) Selected Marine Corps Reserve Medals. National Defense Medal. Armed Force Reserve Medal with Bronze Hour Glass and "M" Devices. (3) Certificate of Commendations I'm proficient at current licenses, backhoe loaders, and bulldozers.]
28803888, [I got my bachelor of mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from bachelor of mechanical engineering. As a Constructions / Piping Engineer, I worked from July 2011 to September 2011. And my major duty is Major Activities Erection & installation procedure for the ultra-sonic flow metering system.. Remove/dismantle and install metering skid with all valves.. Remove/dismantle and install all old cable & control house and sampler.. Connect all instrument (control and power) cable to metering house and junction box.. Pre-commissioning and commissioning service.And my major duty is ZAGAZIG, Egypt Technical Skills and qualifications Checking and reviewing isometrics and drawings according to ASME CODE B 31.3, Creating the material take off for drawings, checking & issuing the required materials.. Creating a purchase requisition required for material.. Material Inspection.. Manage and coordinate piping installation activities including daily task risk assessments and compilation of method statements.. Supervise Piping Erection of Gas and Crude area.. Supervise P/L site activities such as trenching, stringing, welding, coating, lowering, sand-bedding and back filling.. Monitoring the project related engineering activities that carried out by contractor and follow the issuing and approving of the IFC documents, drawings, Material requisitions & Pursues orders.. Ensure that all Construction activities are carried out to the project specifications, drawings, procedures, quality needs, estimated costs and safety standards.. Follow up and coordinate the commissioning and testing activities with contractors & vendors up to the completion and testing certificates.. Ensuring the quality control and HSE awareness during construction.. Supervise the company construction Base Crew in repairing defects and executing the required Field Change Proposal and other modifications for Gas plant process during the normal plant operation or at  Shut-Downs and Prepare the resources required for works.. Issuing punch list for the construction works and verify close out of piping punch list prior to hydrostatic test. I'm proficient at engineer, microsoft powerpoint, and microsoft word.]
25187733, [I got my b   s     business administration   industrial engineering in business administration   industrial engineering from community college of allegheny county. As a Assistant Production Supervisor, I worked from Aug 1983 to Sep 1986.  I'm proficient at finance, underground storage, and training.]
88859947, [I got my currently pursuing cisco certification and pmp certification in cisco certification from netcom information technologies. As a System Administrator, And my major duty is Provided support for Microsoft Client and Server systems.. Installed and supported network printing devices, upgrades and repairs hardware.. Maintained user and group policies, Active directory, security procedures, VPN and client requested back-up procedures.. Network administration (including backup, security management, user account management, e-mail systems including e-mail web server, internet access, office systems and applications support).. Performs technology needs analysis.. Rolls out hardware and software to ensure optimal deployment of resources.. Plans, implements, and supports the network and computing infrastructure plan.. Manages small to medium sized projects according to agreed upon budgets and schedules.. Assists with technology planning through ongoing research. I'm proficient at supervising, e mail, and processes.]
17570634, [I got my bachelor of science   technical management in technical management from devry university. As a Project Manager and Network Consultant, I worked from January 1998 to January 2001. And my major duty is Provides integrated broadband communications and information services including local and long distance voice services, Internet connectivity, data transmission, and web hosting.. Develops other enhanced services including network design and implementation, equipment selection, procurement and installation.. 2.5B in annual sales.. Chosen to manage a team of technical engineers tasked with providing technical support to customers and vendors.. Oversaw project schedules, problem resolution, and account management.. Performed human resources functions with regard to hiring and supervising engineers and support staff.. Provided technical training to groups of 50+ customers and vendors.. Increased sales over 20% through targeted marketing of new software to existing clients.. Saving $10K+ in annual fuel reimbursements by implementing telecommuting procedures for technical support engineers.. Ensured secure network operations by implementing Checkpoint Security Software.. Improved customer productivity by delivering on-site hardware and software training.. Managed customization of products by working in collaboration with "buyers".. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, estimates, resource plans, and status reports. I'm proficient at leadership, supervising, and technical support.]
10149490, [I got my industrial maintenance mechanic in industrial maintenance mechanic from de anza high school. As a Step Up Operations Superintendent, I worked from 06/2006 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Began Training in 05' and qualified in 06'.. Backfilled for all S/S's for vacations, special projects and T/A's. Developed my overall Refinery knowledge while stepping up I'm proficient at site assessments, liaison, and emergency response.]
19364677, [I got my bachelor of science   design science in design science from university of phoeniz. As a Facilities Project Manager, And my major duty is Delivered strategic direction, coordination and project management services for facility construction and tenant improvement (TI) projects. Selected projects include:. Sharp Coronado Emergency department remodel, Sharp Chula Vista Catheterization Lab, Fluoroscopy equipment replacement, Angiography suite, Psychiatric wing remodel, infrastructure projects and tenant improvement projects over $15 M in costs.. Communicated and prepared documentation for compliance with state regulatory projects.. Identified modifications and space requirements to accommodate future or proposed operational requirements of buildings.. Inspected buildings and advised on the feasibility of renovation or substantial alterations to the existing condition, layout, structure and systems to accommodate the proposed changes.. Produced concept and approvals, planning and project development to fulfill designated function and provide cost estimates for required expenditures.. Analyzed schematic and final designs for proposed alterations of existing and new construction and their associated construction costs.. Reviewed buildings for code compliance and made recommendations, program plans, and cost estimates and schedules to bring the facilities into compliance.. Provided requests for proposal, project work scopes and schedules, professional service contracts, amendments and construction change orders. I'm proficient at accomplished and driven project manager delivering managerial oversight to a construction project or series of construction projects proven track record leading overall direction, architectural and engineering teams, and administration.]
22983516, [I got my high school diploma in communications from antelopevalley community college. As a Musician Artist Poet Creator Mentor(2003 an present), I worked from 06/2003 to Current. And my major duty is Adapted to the established art style of the studio for consistency and quality purposes.. Critiqued other artists' work and gave constructive feedback.. Worked alongside the entire development team in an energetic and creative environment.. Created a series of rough sketches for review, revision and approval.. Produced imaginative illustrations in an efficient and timely manner.. Clearly communicated updates and concerns to the appropriate team members and managers.. Successfully resolved a range of complex artistic development issues for both artists and team members. ]
31850269, [I got my high school diploma in high school from miami northwestern senior high. As a Cashier, I worked from October 1999 to May 2001. And my major duty is Customer service.. Applying basic computer skills.. Greet customers, account for purchases and accuracy of.. customer orders, handle money.. Assist in food preparation.. Additional job duties include answering questions about.. menu items and reviewing restaurant policies and services with customers.. Training new employees with hands-on.. computer instruction and audio/visual orientation with a hiring manager. I'm proficient at senior, microsoft powerpoint, and data entry.]
27243670, [I got my bachelors of science   marketing southeastern university   state marketing      masters of business administration in marketing from southeastern university. As a Operations Manager, And my major duty is Led construction group that included managers, supporting staff associates in operating several construction project that included painting, Apartment building renovations and hotels projects worth about $20 million dollars of contracts.. Evaluated projects performance factors, performed on site property inspections and reported on findings, performed field inspection for on- going projects and reviewed budget allocations to assist project managers in decision makings to avoid projects overrun.. Monitored compliance to all applicable health and safety requirements.. Ensured Adherence to safety policies and practices, and created a positive and encouraging work atmosphere.. Conducted safety meetings, trained, and supervised safety audit teams.. Estimated projects with line item estimates created in excel workbook.. Responsible for visiting job sites and following OSHA approved site safety plan.. Significantly improved investor reporting by development and implementation of compliance tracking system.. Inspection for building departments, punch list creation and completion.. Managed site safety and security of project following OSHA guide lines.. Scrutinized submitted time sheet from sub-contractors for accuracy.. Conducted property site visits, reviewed third party inspection reports and provided technical assistance.. Ensured that insurance payments and renewal are paid on time for new and on-going projects.. Evaluated projects performance factors.. Ensured that all construction projects achieve or exceeded the projected time.. Closed out projects on a timely basis and coordinated / prepared final billing.. Developed projects tracking system.. Analyzed job cost and risk management effectively.. Responsible for weekly safety audits and developing safety summaries, reporting directly to upper management.. Updated weekly time sheet and briefing of progress report with Micro soft outlook slide to Management.. Budgeting, construction disbursements, resolving and ensuring full financial compliance. I'm proficient at cash flow, insurance, and equity.]
44147689, [I got my bachelor of science in architecture from city college of new york. As a General Office Assistance / Drafter, And my major duty is Assisted in development of bids and proposals presentations for clients' review.. Prepared construction documents to support on-going projects. I'm proficient at bi, rendering, and ada.]
12654876, [I got my electrical engineering technology in electrical engineering technology from empire state college dutchess community college. As a Air-Base Ground Defense, And my major duty is Military Police, Leadership Positions, Honorable Discharge as an E-4 Sergeant. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and plumbing.]
49685006, [I got my ged in ged   adult high school from dekalb community college. As a Administrative Assistant/Receptionist Morris/Hardwick/Schneider Post Closer, I worked from 10/2005 to now.And my major duty is Began as the professional receptionist and was promoted to Disburser/Post Closer.. As Receptionist, duties included receiving all incoming calls and transferring appropriately, receiving guests and clients.. Maintaining lobby area and kept conference rooms in order.. As Disburser, disbursed all real estate closing files that have been closed in our office to include sending out checks, entering appropriate information in our database, scanning files, putting files in appropriate record keeping order, using Softpro to track documents, and taking care of post-closing requests.. I also was responsible for ordering supplies and organizing conference rooms for closings, notarizing documents, and working with Managing attorney on any special office projects as needed.. Ascertained that all legal documents were properly signed & dated, scanned documents, shipped packets to appropriate parties, filed and maintained paperwork, work with clients to retrieve important documents, admin duties as needed.. For more detailed information and additional work history including endorsements and recommendations, please visit my Professional LinkedIn Page: www.linkedin.com/in/tammyammy. I'm proficient at meticulous attention to detail, executive management support, and strong problem solver.]
12212468, [I got my b   s   civil engineering in civil engineering from university of kentucky. As a Field Engineer, And my major duty is Howard Street Track Reconstruction | $3.1 million | City of Baltimore Light Rail and O'Donnell Street Viaduct | $10.3 million | Maryland Department of Transportation.. On site quality control inspection for the horizontal vertical rail alignment. Production of progress updates for the client. Quality Control and oversight of self perform crews pouring bridge decks I'm proficient at engineer, supervising, and plumbing.]
29483501, [I got my bachelor of arts in biology   psychology from antioch. As a Planning Coordinator, And my major duty is Coordinated the analysis, development and implementation of clinical programs and capital projects.. Coordinated projects with campus and state project managers. Performed “CON” analysis for capital projects.. Assisted in the development of a quasi - private “public authority” capital project system to meet State of Wisconsin accountability requirements including the creation of the commercial bond issue to finance projects.. Managed capital equipment project budgets in excess of $500,000 annually.. Created an institutional wide database for all Hospital space and an MS Access database for all leased space. I'm proficient at contracts development, team leader in process improvement combined with facility design, and contract management.]
69764348, [I got my  in CLS  what is your major    SEP  associate of applied science   construction technology from community college of the air force city. As a Airman Basic (E-1), Basic Military Training & Electrical Power Production Technical Training, I worked from 01/2007 to now.And my major duty is Electrical Power Production Apprentice. :Developed basic knowledge of: Installing, operating, and modifying electrical generators, power production plants and equipment, and aircraft arresting systems. I'm proficient at advanced capability to install generators automatic transfer panels and aircraft arresting systems, paving with hot mix via paver grader by hand paving with cold mix, and excavation of existing material and or degraded concrete.]
18882984, [I got my diploma in  from paradise valley community college. As a Store Manager, And my major duty is Developed, implemented and managed programs to achieve retail objectives regarding sales, revenue, expenses, inventory control and customer service.. Directed recruitment and retention of staff.. Trained, supervised, motivated and evaluated a staff of 6-10 employees.. Facilitated individual goal setting and conducted performance evaluations.. Coached sales teams to ensure sales quotas were achieved. I'm proficient at leadership, attorney, and financial analyst.]
45475027, [I got my master of science in civil engineering from university of arkansas civil engineering. As a Consulting Project and Construction Manager, And my major duty is Provide various clients with project and construction management services as required. I'm proficient at dot cfr, construction management, and korean.]
34544955, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from yakima valley community college. As a Concrete/Soils Lead Materials Testing Technician, I worked from 04/2003 to 11/2005. And my major duty is Hanford Nuclear Reservation-Vitrification Plant RPP-WTP.. Cross-reference job site specifications and plans, ASTM's, and other industry standards to ensure proper testing and inspection on a 10 CFR Part 50 Appendix B and ASME NQA-1 job site.. In charge of complying with testing frequencies to meet construction plans and specifications.. Manage man power to cover the field and lab testing operations.. Review all technicians' reports to ensure accuracy.. Concrete, Soils, and Lab Materials Testing Technician Level II. I'm proficient at able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing to clients, constant communication with contractors, and years progressively advancing experience in civil construction materials testing and inspection.]
93436805, [I got my master of arts   economics   community development in  from pennsylvania state university. As a Loan Officer Intern, I worked from 01/2005 to 12/2005. And my major duty is Compiled database of loan applicants' credit histories, corporate financial statements and other financial information.. Developed and maintained relationships with local real estate agents.. Learned to originate, review, process, close and administer customer loan proposals.. Maintained strict confidentiality of bank records and client information.. Reviewed and edited loan agreements to ensure accuracy. I'm proficient at typing speed wpm, employee training, and database management.]
39908485, [I got my bachelor of applied arts and science   structural engineering             nj it institute of technology   city continued education of civil and structural engineering bachelor of applied arts and science   civil engineering in structural engineering from new york city technical college. As a Construction Project Manager, I worked from 02/1999 to 02/2001. And my major duty is General contracting company purchased by Keyspan, large utility company, in 2000. Oversaw large crews for completion of self-performed site work, concrete, masonry, structural steel, carpentry, electric, plumbing, and HVAC. Communicated with and organized architects and engineers to resolve design and field issues. Directed 2 projects for State University Construction Fund valued at $20M, supervising 4 professional direct reports and interfacing effectively with state university representatives to facilitate meetings, payments, field issue resolution, quality controls, and schedule updates I'm proficient at microsoft excel, microsoft project, and project coordination development.]
39566718, [I got my  in electrical engineer from palomar college city. As a CONSTRUCTION MANAGER, I worked from 02/2004 to 11/2006. And my major duty is Planned and managed all issues related to the tower crew and required to assure that all assigned crews were equipped and supplied properly in addition to reporting on the client's construction progress.. Managed day-to-day operations of site acquisition projects.. Hired and trained new site acquisition specialists and administrative staff.. Managed project budgets, including employee salaries and office overhead.. Forecast project deliverables and ensured that the forecast is realized.. Interacted with clients on all levels to insure good relationships between companies.. Promoted office harmony and resolved any employee disputes. I'm proficient at msword excel.]
12666174, [I got my b   s   e   civil engineering in civil engineering from colorado school of mines. As a Geotechnical Engineer / Construction Materials Inspector, I worked from January 1992 to October 1997. And my major duty is Some notable projects include construction materials testing at Denver International Airport and the preparation of numerous geotechnical reports for E-470 Tollway in Adams, Arapahoe, and Douglas Counties, CO.. Performed geotechnical engineering reports, environmental site investigations, soil, concrete, and asphalt field and laboratory testing services, pavement designs, and building inspections.. 1991 Survey Party Chief, Twin Mountain Construction I-40 Port of Entry, Gallup, NM, New Mexico Dept.. of Highways Managed a three-person survey crew on this project located 10 miles east of the Arizona - New Mexico border.. Project Cost:  $5 Million. I'm proficient at cash flow, draw, and engineer.]
20565849, [I got my associate degree in associate degree from rock valley college. As a Carpenter, And my major duty is Follow safety rules at all times.. Housekeeping Finish concrete to grade and straight edged.. Treat equipment with care and keep tools clean.. Erect scaffolding and ladders for assembling structures above ground level.. Hang ledgers, overhang brackets and decking with plywood and steel.. Form slabs, columns and walls for concrete pours.. Make sure all parts of structures are plumb and square and true.. Work with metric, feet, and hundredths measurements.. Read and understand plans and specifications. I'm proficient at mentor, supervising, and welding.]
12693146, [I got my bachelor of science in construction management from itt tech. As a Superintendent assistant, I worked from January 2008 to February 2010. And my major duty is Carefully coordinated plans and specifications using marketing programming standards.Facilitated processing of RFI's, submittals and samples among the general contractor, the owner, and the owner's consultants. Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction administration consultants. Stayed consistent with project schedules and plans for all installations. Facilitated final jobs punch- list. Itemized, performed jobs, and organized crew to perform final stages of projects. Also helped with permitting processes additional to the contract. I learned a lot of valuable lessons like teamwork at this company, and I hope I get to use it with with yours and further learn the trade. ]
14849103, [I got my masters of science   environmental technology in civil engineering from villanova university. As a Project Engineer, I worked from 01/1996 to 01/1999. And my major duty is Supervised construction projects over a geography covering 112 stations throughout three states and fourteen counties.. Ensured all locations were properly maintained and compliant with all laws and regulations.. Performed inspections, supervised projects and ensured a safe and efficient working environment at each station.. Prepared bids, purchase orders and waste stream estimates.. Organized the disposal of wastes in compliance with EPA and local regulations. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and strategic development.]
10100240, [I got my certified safety   health official in safety   health from buffalo high school. As a Construction Worker, I worked from 08/2016 to 09/2017. And my major duty is Supported customer preferences with basic carpentry work such as installing wooden floors and crown molding. Consulted with customers to understand desires and help each owner meet individual property objectives. Gathered and disposed of work site debris to remove safety hazards and boost team productivity. Monitored materials inventory and requested items for restocking for each job. Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction. Safely operated mowers, chain saws, electric clippers, sod cutters and pruning saws to clear construction sites, roadbeds and access roads. Erected and removed temporary structures such as trench liners and scaffolding to meet team needs. Enhanced team efficiency and multitasking abilities by effectively using hand tools, power tools and equipment. Gathered waste and trash from job sites for placement in refuse containers to keep job sites clean and organized I'm proficient at new construction and renovation, construction drawing interpretation, and material prepping.]
22894544, [I got my aa in general studies in communications from shoreline cc. As a Construction, I worked from 12/2007 to 05/2008. And my major duty is Worked on home renovations, business offices, Red Lion Hotel Convention center construction, backyards, all with a licensed contractor to different sites on the east side.. Bellevue towers, offices, hotels,  and residential properties, few out of state projects in Portland, OR as well).. Prepped for lead construction.. Overshadowed a professional contractor, traveled with professional contractor. I'm proficient at delivery, logging, and customer service.]
19928941, [I got my bba   operations and supply chain management in operations and supply chain management from university of central   city. As a Construction Worker, I worked from March 2011 to Current. And my major duty is Oversee activities directly related to making products or providing services.. Read plans, instructions, or specifications to determine work activities.. Load, unload, or identify building materials, machinery, or tools, distributing them to the appropriate locations, according to project plans or specifications.. Dig ditches or trenches, backfill excavations, or compact and level earth to grade specifications, using picks, shovels, pneumatic tampers, or rakes.. Mix, pour, or spread concrete, using portable cement mixers.. Erect or dismantle scaffolding, shoring, braces, traffic barricades, ramps, or other temporary structures.. Provide assistance to craft workers, such as carpenters, plasterers, or masons. I'm proficient at negotiation, sales, and operation and control.]
39027764, [I got my bs   building construction design and technology in building construction design and technology from eastern kentucky university. As a Draftsman / Field Service Supervisor, And my major duty is Design and drafting of air structures and dome roofs.. Field service to owners in the assembly and erection of air structures and dome roofs. I'm proficient at negotiation, marketing, and due diligence.]
23818675, [I got my bachelor   s degree   construction management in construction management from parkland college. As a Engineering Technician, I worked from Jan 1994 to Jan 2003. And my major duty is Survey Crew Chief responsibilities included management of survey field crew completing ALTA, topographic, & boundary surveys, and staking of Right-of-Ways.. Resident Engineer/Construction Observer duties included: the testing and observation of concrete roadways and sidewalks: testing and observation of asphalt roadways; observation of the installation of sanitary sewers, storm sewers, and water mains; as well as the documentation of work done, materials used, quantities and engineers pay estimates.. Draftsman duties included the use of AutoCAD 98, and MicroStation J to complete construction documents for roadway & intersection plans.. Achievements as Resident Engineer:. University of Illinois - Marching Band Practice Area and Parking Lot E-14 - $675,000. City of Champaign, IL - Windsor Rd 2 lane reconstruction - $839,000. City of Champaign, IL - Bradley Ave/Parkland Entrance reconstruction - $1,300,000. Village of Westville - MFT Oil & Chip - $279,000. Central Soya, Gibson City, IL - Hazardous Tank Containment - $585,000. IDOT Westville RT 1 – Water main Construction - $2,200,000 I'm proficient at knowledge of applicable building codes and interpretation years, microsoft powerpoint years, and inspection scheduling and coordination years.]
24953126, [I got my high school diploma   academics shaler area high school   city   state residential construction certificate in academics from community college of allegheny county. As a Construction Inspector, I worked from June 1991 to February 2000. And my major duty is 1994-1999 Construction Inspector for Materials Penn Dot projects (I-79 Meadowlands) and Southern Expressway 18A.. My duties included running construction soil lab for the projects.. Work field testing soil, concrete and aggregates for state projects valued at $15 to $22 million dollars.. 1991-1993 Construction Inspector on Penn Dot projects SR 0018 -A) Bavington Pa.. Oversaw construction of a new replacement single span bridge.. Bridge work consisted of demolition of the existing bridge, driving steel H piles with concrete abutments type 2 concrete girders, and sip decking.. Responsible for checking all form work, rebar, and concrete as per specifications made by weekly estimates.. Construction Inspector Penn Dot project SR 0039 - B18. Oversaw construction of a MSE construction single span bridge.. The MSE walls were constructed before piles were being driven due to field conditions.. Abutments formed, rebar placed, and concrete type 2 girders used in sip decking.. I Inspected rebar and concrete for decking and Bidwell finishing machine to ensure specifications were met. I'm proficient at advanced critical thinker that is organized and detail oriented, strong communication and management skills, and budgeting.]
22718826, [I got my engineer in engineer from chicago state university. As a Carpenter Foreman, I worked from January 1987 to January 2004. And my major duty is Work with surveyors. Managed Safety environment. Blueprint reading. Maintain stock level. Effectively managed a diverse crew of 35 with time and payroll I'm proficient at committed team player strong in consistently meeting and exceeding business and performance goals, years in construction industry, and ability to work independently.]
24361598, [I got my associate of science   construction management in construction management from california polytechnic state university. As a Project Engineer, I worked from 02/2014 to 11/2015. And my major duty is Evaluated change order requests in response to out-of-scope work activities and developing field conditions. Performed constructibility reviews consisting of independent, structured assessment of construction bid documents to ensure coordination, eliminate ambiguity and minimize project issues. Monitored installation of materials and equipment for compliance with drawings and specifications. Generated change orders for project using estimating CMiC & Bluebeam. Completed sub prequalification, bid review, post bid interviews, document review to complete accurate and detailed project buyout and GMP. Wrote RFIs, compiled submittals, posted to record set, permitted documents, submitted for deferred design, etc. Assisted in project closeout and final change orders for all managed trades I'm proficient at construction management, p, and bluebeam.]
20681037, [I got my ged in ged from bentonville high school. As a Cashier, And my major duty is Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.. Received orders, processed payments and responded to guest concerns.. Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear manner.. Resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally.. Served orders to customers at windows, counters and tables. I'm proficient at xp, powerpoint, and outlook.]
16924279, [I got my bachelor of science   information systems security   information systems in information systems security   information systems from itt technical institute. As a E-4, And my major duty is In charge of distributing material and equipment for all personnel in the V1 Air Department, Conducted performance evaluations and made promotional recommendations of several enlisted personnel in V1 AIR Department.  Member of the Crash and Salvage firefighting team during flight operations.. Responsible for moving, spotting, safety and launching all aircraft on the flight deck.  Including instructing personnel in breaking down and tying down all aircrafts on the flight deck. Able to handle challenges, coordinated a variety of tasks in stressful and fast-paced environment. Master at Arms: Security Patrolman, Dispatcher, Armored escort for government bank on board the USS George Washington.  Patrolman in all Captains' (C.O) and Executive Officers' (X.O.I) Mast.  Managed a crew of 40 subordinate enlisted. Delegated tasks to those enlisted on behavior probation. Collaborated with superior officers to oversee tasks and duties of personnel within Air and Security department. Point man on Security Attack Force Team and Special Forces Joint tasks onboard the USS George Washington. I'm proficient at security, circuits, and hdsl.]
30311725, [I got my masters of real estate   construction management construction management university of denver city   state        construction management bba business management in real estate   construction management from university of denver. As a Project Manager, I worked from April 1997 to March 1999. And my major duty is Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.. Maintained project schedules by managing timelines and making proactive adjustments.. Directed changes to the project scope and cost and implemented appropriate change management processes to keep the project on track.. Performed regular job site observations to provide direction for all general contractor personnel.. Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with subcontractors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, project planning and development, and systems protocols and implementation and quality control.]
29061628, [I got my political science in political science political science from morehead state university. As a Geologist/Assistant Lab Manager, And my major duty is Supervising geologic and geophysical activities involving various types of analysis, data interpretation, preparation of geologic report findings. I'm proficient at supervisor, supervising, and inspector.]
33023370, [I got my high school diploma   general ed        midland high school   city   state general ed coursework in arc and mig welding in welding from midland high school. As a Superintendent Welders Helper/Operator, I worked from October 2008 to July 2011. And my major duty is Assisted Welder to cut, fit, prep and weld out fabrication for tank batteries and facilities Cut, Buff, and grind bevels and bead on main line to install mainline Pig Launchers and receivers Helped welder and crew prep pipe and fittings for tie ends and Hot Taps Throw Skids, sand bags, install silt fence, run water pumps, clean tracks, Spot for operators, string pipe, Spacing crew, Locate lines any work needing to be done throughout the day was able to operate on and off until they let me stay on machinery. I'm proficient at welding, equipment repair, and welder.]
32773331, [I got my civil engineering in civil engineering from istanbul technical university. As a Army Construction Officer, And my major duty is Managed and coordinated Turkish army and NATO projects for inspection and checked and complied all military construction codes for those complex projects. I'm proficient at engineer, finance, and a.]
10820510, [I got my  in  from . As a Superintendent / Repair and New Tank Construction, And my major duty is Responsible for day-to-day operations on the work-site while controlling the short term schedule.. Worked closely with Project Managers to maintain quality control and subcontractor coordination responsibilities.. Lead Man / Repair and New Tank Construction.. Responsible for crew management, QC efforts of the crew, daily and weekly scheduling of the crew.. Hang steel/shell plate and structure for new construction and repair.. Welder / New Tank Construction / Fitter.. Welded for multiple Tank companies.. CBI, Tanco, ATV, Bay Tank and Vessel, Cust-O-Fab, Inserv to name a few of the more known companies.. Both New Tank and Repair.. SMAW, FCAW, GMAW, and SAW.. Proficient in the use of a gouge as well. I'm proficient at technical support, inspector, and sales.]
28949406, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from east carolina university. As a Construction Crew Member, I worked from Jan 2002 to Jan 2009. And my major duty is Demolition of homes and retail space that were to be remodeled.. Framing and sheet rocking.. Cleanup of jobsite after remodel or build complete. I'm proficient at technology and drafting software revit bim, access powerpoint, and lro.]
12826414, [I got my master of education   integrated studies and management master of education in integrated studies and management from cambridge college. As a Engineering, Operations and Construction Leader, And my major duty is Employed in several managerial roles including the following:. Leader of Construction: Supervise daily operations in accordance with job specification and customer requirements from handoff from business development and sales; Work with engineering to develop projects including estimate and design; Monitor progress of crew for satisfactory job completion; Achieved construction progress aligned with overall project schedule and cost estimate; Prepare reports for customers and management; Interview and hire union employees and custom contractors; Train, evaluate, and appraise employee performance.. Damage Prevention Leader: Managed and mentored lead operations group that performs underground facility locating and leak detection; Assured company followed State statutes and other Federal and State laws related to underground facility protection and compliance; Analyzed, classify and rate risks, exposures and damage expectancies; lead investigator in damage claims; Train others in developed processes and procedures, including training certifications; Managed all planning, assign and direct work of subordinate employees engaged in various aspects of work.. Supervisor of Engineering: Managed all work related to design, survey, estimating costs of capital and O&M projects; Short and long-term planning relating to the Company's infrastructure; Supervises a crew of employees including Engineering Technicians and Design Engineer/Technologists; Prepare designs, specifications, and cost estimates for construction and reconstruction projects; Prepare tender and contract documents, and the administration of contract work; Review subdivision applications, site servicing plans for building applications, etc. for new business development. All leadership roles included being on Emergency standby for various operational situations emergencies.. Organized and lead a newly formed Safety Committee as committee president which included executive and union management to meet monthly to discuss key safety and risk management issues and set plans for continual improvement in areas including compliance to all Federal occupational safety and health laws and standards.. Helped develop a comprehensive public relations program to better relations with the various municipalities the company served.. Developed and implemented division and company-wide Damage Prevention program to improve activities to reduce locator error and facility damage by excavation. Reduced division locator error from over 6% to a 0% error rate in two years and maintained a 0% locator error rate for 2 additional years.. Involved in the developed and implemented company-wide process to stream-line new customer main and service installation: from customer connection to sales department to final installation to meter /flow of gas to customer. This reduced time from first customer inquiry to turning of meter from average of 68 days to average 31 days.. Developed estimation tool for estimating new and replacement mains and services using a method using the 'cost per foot' and 'construction location matrix', reducing the need for T&M project estimation and streamlining contractor costs and bid process. I'm proficient at report matrix development, departmental operations management, and operations management.]
63083944, [I got my bachelor of science in information technology from information technology. As a Construction Project Manager, And my major duty is Served as a short term contract manager managing all phases a fiber optic infrastructure upgrade, including: day to day operations, office and staff management, project budgets, Quality assurance and safety compliance.. Possessed the key ability to help build strong teams through excellent communication skills and leadership.. Prepared and maintained project-related documentation, to include quantities, materials, and payments.. Management recognized for project management ability and drive to work through issues for on-time completion. I'm proficient at employee and corp office relationship building, employee relations, and skilled problem solver.]
22546476, [I got my bs   occupational safety and health in occupational safety and health from columbia southern university. As a Gunnery Sergeant/E-7, I worked from February 1989 to March 2010. And my major duty is Gunnery Sergeant, E-7, Retired.  Supervised subordinate Marines while acting as the Avionics Division Chief (62 personnel), Work Center supervisor (37 personnel), and Shift Supervisor (12 personnel).. Awarded the Navy Achievement Medal for the management of a combat flown flag program in Afghanistan. Processed over 3,500 requests for flags and produced over $15,000 in profit from the program, during a 6 month deployment, to pay for junior Marines tickets to the Marine Corps Birthday ball in 2005.. Awarded the Army Commendation Medal for outstanding leadership and production in the Intelligence Section of Third Army while in Kuwait in 2006-2007.. Completed Non- Resident courses in leadership training through the U. S. Marine Corps while a Sergeant and again as a Staff Sergeant, also completed a resident course while a Staff Sergeant.. Served in the following combat operations: Operations Desert Shield/Desert Storm, Operation Southern Watch, Operation Enduring Freedom (Bagram Afghanistan) and Operation Iraqi Freedom (Camp Arifjan Kuwait and Baghdad Iraq). I'm proficient at leadership, supervisor, and environmental management.]
90032884, [I got my engineering in engineering from southeast community college. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is United Sates Army: Engineer	March 2007-April 2015 Main duties included management and motivation of 13 soldiers, development of discipline and giving direction. Project management responsibilities included signing and maintaining over 1 million dollars worth of tools and equipment, project/task follow through, and responsibility for project completion. Deployment responsibilities included safety of soldiers, project completion within specified deadlines and intense attention to detail. While deployed to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba I maintained and oversaw construction expansion projects for a multi million-dollar security facility. General duties also required self-motivation, working as a team to accomplish missions/goals, dedication to serve my country and community. Construction oriented duties required knowledge of construction tasks, preparation of projects and layouts and the ability to meet deadlines. Nissen Construction: Carpenter, Ankeny, IA	July 2006 Duties included construction activities including framing, hanging sheetrock, building cabinets and roofing. Customized project work included trim work, decks, stairs and handrail, finishing basements and customizing kitchens. I'm proficient at engineer, security, and managerial.]
27187994, [I got my gadsden state community college in gadsden state community college from gadsden state community college. As a Floor Worker/Cashier, And my major duty is Assisted customers with any questions or concerns they had.Checked the customers in for their workouts. Cleaned workout equipment. Answered phones and handled money transactions. I'm proficient at software word outlook, advanced problem solving, and great organizational skills.]
30397268, [I got my standard diploma   general studies in liberal arts and sciences from jefferson state community college. As a Owner/Operator, I worked from 01/2014 to 01/2016. And my major duty is Founded and managed cleaning business by applying marketing strategies to build company exposure, creating company portfolio and building clientele, meeting customer needs and expectations by providing exemplary services and offering competitive pricing.. Managed day-to-day business operations, including finances and budgeting, advertising and public relations, prospecting for new clients, project assessments and bids, maintaining supply levels, addressing customer questions and needs, and project labor and completion.. Boosted company exposure and sales through use of social media platforms and job search engines.. Scheduled appointments and consultations for new and existing clients.. Met with potential customers, provided walk-thru evaluations, and project quotes.. Created and applied contract templates for new project proposals and agreements to cater to each customer's individual and unique needs.. Provided additional "deep cleaning" services such as steam cleaning, laundry services, and pressure washing as needed upon customer's requests.. Maintained up to date records of customer contact information and contracts to improve operations and maintain efficiency.. Implemented strong and time-efficient work ethic, providing dependable and reputable services to customers. I'm proficient at file conversion sharing, heavy equipment operations, and data entry.]
78298706, [I got my high school diploma in high school from escambia high school. As a Lead Dishwasher, I worked from 09/2003   -   01/2015 to now.And my major duty is Washed and sanitized dirty dishes by hand and by using dishwasher.. Efficiently loaded and unloaded dishwashers, cleaning by hand large pots or. [Type]. items used often by kitchen staff.. Stepped into additional roles during busy times to boost coverage of important stations.. Helped team meet expected demands by restocking work areas throughout restaurant such as server stations, salad bars and supply cupboards.. Kept kitchen areas neat and clean by removing trash and organizing supplies.. Troubleshot equipment malfunctions and completed minor repairs to keep equipment functioning.. Washed equipment, surfaces, refrigerators and other areas and applied sanitizing chemicals.. Kept work area clean, dry and free of debris to prevent incidents and accidents.. Worked with chemicals such as detergent, rinse agents and sanitizers to protect customer health.. Maintained proper temperatures, behaviors and controls to meet or exceed health department standards.. Oversaw incoming deliveries, including unboxing supplies, shelving stock and rotating items.. Increased machine efficiency by scraping and pre-washing dishes.. Assisted with kitchen prep work to help operations run smoothly and meet customer needs.. Completed extra cleaning work on garbage cans, racks, dry storage areas and other fixtures to keep kitchen spotless.. Cultivated strong customer relationships to generate repeat and referred patronage by offering spotless dishes.. Paid close attention to all instructions from supervisor and completed tasks on time.. Established great relationships with staff by promoting team-oriented atmosphere through use of communication. I'm proficient at commercial construction, cleaning, and forklift operation.]
11650031, [I got my general education in general education from knowledge   first empowerment academy. As a Building Maintenance, I worked from June 2012 to Current. And my major duty is Perform general building maintenance to include but not limited to the building grounds, landscaping as well as pressure washing.. Uses various hand and power tools to repair faucets, plumbing and lighting fixtures.. Respond quickly to emergency situations and customer concerns. I'm proficient at adherence with all safety regulations, building maintenance, and carpentry.]
12695537, [I got my b   e   chemical engineering in chemical engineering from city college of new york. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at engineer, interpersonal skills, and imaging.]
31392754, [I got my associate of arts in human resources from university of miami city. As a Manager of Human Resources | Office Manager, I worked from 01/2003 to now.And my major duty is Effectively managed Avisena's Human Resource operation such as performance reviews, employee retention programs, employee compensation, disciplinary action, and terminations.. Actively maintained a pipeline of qualified candidates through an aggressive recruitment strategy, encompassing job postings, candidate interviews, background checks, eligibility verification, and new hire orientations.. Drove the development of employee training, retention and recognition programs.. Responsible for analyzing payroll processing data for 300 employees in compliance with applicable wage and hour laws. I'm proficient at critical thinking proficiency, cultural awareness and sensitivity, and motivation techniques specialist.]
23143731, [I got my ba   journalism   history in journalism from rutgers university. As a Public Relations Specialist, And my major duty is Created news source advisories that promoted university administrators and faculty members as experts on current issues.. Coverage included Bloomberg Television, Home News Tribune, Star-Ledger, national and local television and radio coverage.. Promoted the National Marriage Project's annual studies that resulted in interviews with USA Today, Baltimore Sun, Associated Press, Washington Times, Salt Lake Tribune, WINS-AM and WOR-AM.. Promoted the university's mission to the public and developed relationships between the university and the media. I'm proficient at ledger, speeches, and abc.]
26130673, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication from texas a   m university. As a Counselor, I worked from June 2011 to June 2014. And my major duty is Identified signs of emotional developmental problems in young students.. Referred residents and families to community resources to improve well-being and quality of life.. Educated families and community members about domestic violence.. Molded kids to leaders. I'm proficient at foreign language, self motivated, and sales.]
25070914, [I got my bachelor of science   business in business   management from university of phoenix. As a Senior Account Executive, I worked from 09/1993 to 08/2000. And my major duty is ·         Successfully designed, created and implemented PR projects, special events and publicity campaigns for recording artists, producers, record labels and entertainment companies.. ·         Implemented PR strategies that grew client business and increase Rogers & Cowan's Entertainment/Music/Special Events department billings by 30%.. ·         Lead strategy sessions on new and existing accounts and develop strategy for implementing successful client press campaigns.. ·         Supervise account work performed by account executives and associate account executives.. ·         Accountable for quality control for final review of all press releases, media alerts and other PR related correspondences.. ·         Managing event publicity, updating media contact lists and databases; brainstorming PR|Marketing strategies and overseeing tour press.. ·         Maintain anddevelop relationships with key media, including writers, television bookers and online outlets Work to secure national, regional, and tour press (TV, print, and online). ·         Worked extensively with talent representatives, in-house publicists, agents and managers on celebrity-oriented initiatives.. ·         Coordinated media for major awards shows: National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences (The GRAMMY, MusiCares “Person of the Year” Tributes & Concerts, Don Cornelius Productions (Soul Train Music Awards, Lady of Soul Awards and Soul Train Christmas Starfest) Arista's 25th Anniversary Celebration and The Blockbuster Awards among others.. ·         Managed events & executed entertainment for Chris Tucker, Kenny “Babyface” Edmonds, (Academy & Golden Globes campaigns) Fox Music Group, Boyz II Men, Lionel Richie, Chante Moore, Deborah Cox, Tamia, Tracie Spencer, Dave Koz, The Temptations, The Bees Gees, Kurupt, Shep Crawford, (Songwriter|Producer) and Warner/Chappell Music Publishing as well as assisting with Quincy Jones, Tupac Shakur, R. Kelly, OutKast and Jamie Foxx accounts, among others. I'm proficient at ca, tv, and bi.]
37913536, [I got my bachelor of arts degree        public relations in public relations from penn state university. As a Marketing Administrative Assistant, I worked from September 2011 to January 2013. And my major duty is Assisted the Director of Marketing with various office duties including editing, copying, inventory, meeting minutes, research, and mailings as well as all aspects of event planning including our annual conference, alumni reunion, road shows, and community events.. Assisted the Senior Marketing Coordinator with all aspects of advertising, sponsorships as well as free and paid listings.. Helped monitor Facebook and Twitter: 2,000 Likes on Facebook and 400 followers on Twitter.. Utilized POD, our Professional Database System and Raisers Edge, our Alumni Database System to assist with inquires and the development of accounts as well as tagging attendees from webinars and conferences.. Assisted all 10 Professional Relations Representatives across our 11 sites with various duties including fulfilling literature requests as well as other administrative and clerical tasks. I'm proficient at edge, bi, and publisher.]
14278888, [I got my bachelor of science   accounting in accounting from enugu state university of science and technology. As a Public Relations Officer, And my major duty is Utilized languageand knowledge of local culturein leading team of medical Professionals in training Nigerian villagers in health and prevention techniques as Humanitarian effort Employed conflict resolution techniques to assuage resistance and diffuse crisis situations Amongst contrasting ethnicities, customs, and cultures Saved U.S Government over $1M by initiating diplomatic relations with Afghani tribal leaders.. Brokered vendoring arrangement to procure updated tools and materials to complete construction projects awaiting supplies from United States.. Reduced project down-time from six months to one month, enabled continuous workflow and provided win-win diplomatic relationship between Afghan government and United States. I'm proficient at book, listening, and receiving.]
28831442, [I got my biochemistry in biochemistry from chandler gilbert community college. I have 2 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, customer service, and office.]
98086373, [I got my bachelors of science   recreation management university of nevada las vegas   city   state   us university of nevada las vegas las vegas   nevada     december        bachelors of science in recreation management with a concentration of sports management in sports management from university of nevada las vegas. As a Game & Team Operations Intern, And my major duty is * Assisted with various pre-game and half-time promotions throughout the entire season * Secured pre-game color guard, national anthem singers, walk of champion participants and volunteers * Referee liaison for the 2011 CONCACAF-Gold Cup while also handling referee & team transportation I'm proficient at satisfaction, training, and media relations.]
23673025, [I got my bachelor of arts in speech   communications from fayetteville state university. As a Director of Operations, I worked from 08/2003 to 08/2018. And my major duty is Supervised over 200 stamping and assembly employees to maximum productivity, at multiple locations. Reduced project downtime and oversaw safety and various certification processes. Developed and deepened relationships to form lasting and loyal partnerships. Hired, coached and trained staff and monitored performance and offered mentoring to junior team members. Limited financial discrepancies, reviewing and approving billing invoices and expense reports. Assisted with executive decision-making and strategy planning, initiating productive relationships with management teams and serving as the key contact for various personnel issues. Directed safety operations and maintained clean work environment in adherence to FDA and OSHA requirements. Grew the business by creatively driving sales and maintaining cost controls. Drove sales by effectively managing several multi-units within the facility. Built customer and employee loyalty and effectively implemented operational strategies. Delegated assignments based on site plans, project needs and knowledge of individual team members. Collaborated with management, technical crew members and fellow supervisors to organize efficient site operations and achieve demanding schedule targets. Boosted team productivity through contests and incentives for staff I'm proficient at communications management, natural leader, and media relations.]
10070224, [I got my master of arts in broadcast journalism from southern university   city   state public relations bachelor of arts   mass communication   december      southern university   city   state broadcast journalism. As a Producer/Associate Producer, I worked from 10/2000 to 02/2004. And my major duty is Booked and scheduled hundreds of guests including legislatures, business and industry CEO's, non-profit organizations, etc.. Managed a production staff of 6.. Wrote and edited show content, approved all copy, and handled breaking news stories.. Rapidly promoted from weekend associate producer to weekend producer.. Determined newsworthy items and coverage.. Assigned tasks to morning reporters. I'm proficient at powerpoint, publisher, and tveyes broadcast monitoring.]
28290448, [I got my master of communication and leadership in communication and leadership studies from gonzaga university. As a Reporter/Editor, I worked from December 1992 to May 1998. And my major duty is Researched and wrote news stories and editorials. Copy edited other reporters' stories for grammar, spelling and accuracy. Worked with Associated Press to provide them with photos and/or news stories. Designed and laid out daily pages, including the editorial page. Photographed various events, from news to sports and edited photos. Responsible for managing the newsroom and other reporters in the editor's absence. Wrote factually correct, concise and engaging news stories within tight deadlines.. Gathered and verified factual information regarding stories through interviews, observation and research.. Introduced fresh and new angles on previously-reported material to update and inform readers.. Networked with various industry leaders and experts to gather multiple perspectives on issues.. Captured visual content and edited general assignment stories for print. Covered breaking news such as murder trials and fatal auto crashes.. Simplified topics such as healthcare, energy, government and technology through clear, concise and compelling writing.. Wrote 3-7 news stories per day for print.. Reported and penned front-page breaking news stories and provided real time updates online. I'm proficient at quark xpress, training, and media relations.]
24559558, [I got my  in political science from . As a Television Producer - Reporter, I worked from 03/1998 to 03/2003. And my major duty is Writer for national network newscasts, Noticiero Univision, Primer Impacto and Despierta America.. Segment Producer for Univision Sports.. Responsible for researching, writing and producing both assigned stories and original concept stories.. Responsible for producing promotional 30' and 60' spots. Translation of written news from English to Spanish. Reporters script proofreading. Supervise editors selection of sound-bites and editing concept of assigned stories. I'm proficient at marketing strategists for audience growth and retention, dslar cameras, and adobe photoshop and after effects.]
28862054, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from indiana university. As a Public Relations/Social Media Manager, Department of Athletics, I worked from Mar 2011 to May 2016. And my major duty is Promote Indiana University and Indiana University East and their mission to all fans of IU East and IU East Athletics.. Consistently show ability to "think on my feet" and adapt to sudden changes.. Write, design and administer questionnaires and recruitment letters to students and coaches.. Social media director for all of athletics, promoting sports through Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and iueredwolves.com.. Plan and execute all visits by prospective students, competing teams, and sponsors.. Organize athletes during visits to help build a connection with prospective recruits.. Organize fundraising events for athletics.. Serve as event manager for all athletic events, organized all event staff and logistics. I'm proficient at websites, direction, and selling.]
14536764, [I got my b   a   spanish and humanities in spanish and humanities from providence college. As a Senior Advertising Sales Assistant, I worked from September 1995 to March 1998. And my major duty is Assisted in selling advertising space for technology publications, PC Week (now eWeek) and Internet Computing. I'm proficient at factiva, desktop publishing software photoshop, and public relations software bacon s mediasource.]
37087371, [I got my  in marketing communications from east tennesse state university. As a Regional Communication Manager, I worked from Feb 2013 to Feb 2014. And my major duty is Develop and follow the executive communication strategy for all the Chambers Press Relations (advertising campaigns, press kits, press releases) Events (speech writing, managing service providers, Drafting both corporate and executive communication media (support the local Chambers through providing them proven tools, leaflets, posters created regionally) Define with a graphic agency the new signature of the CRMA PACA and roll it out to all of the Chambers. I'm proficient at projet management, change management, and writing skills.]
12191094, [I got my ba   journalism ba in journalism from fitchburg state college. As a Registered Nurse, And my major duty is Provided marketing solutions for B2B sales organization, including sales management, marketing, presentations, and social media. Worked with individuals from all levels of organizations in developing their brand and offering solutions to their challenges through promotional products campaigns. 2006-2008 Oversaw day-to-day operations, including staff supervision, communication with referral sources, intakes, and required documentation; health assessments, medication administration, and continuous health and wellness observations. OTHER Volunteer: American Red Cross, Easter Seals NH I'm proficient at marketing department, emergency preparedness, and sales management.]
12920612, [I got my bachelor of science in mass communications speech from st   cloud state university. As a Project Development Specialist, And my major duty is Responsible for taking a prototype interactive phone service and customizing the computer program to fit the audio.. information and marketing needs of the Chattanooga Free Press and Chattanooga Times.. Designer and developer of the Infoline phone service, which received an average of 50,000 calls per week during my tenure.. Infoline, featuring audio updates on the latest news, sports and lottery results, entertainment updates, daily horoscopes and a host of other information choices, became a vital new resource for Chattanoogans, who made more than six million calls to the service in its first three-plus years.. Coordinating producer for all in­house recording on Infoline.. These duties include the following: Both write of all locally-generated Infoline scripts; narrator for over 90 percent of these scripts, ranging from short commercials to major presentations on health and legal issues; liaison to editorial staffs of Free Press and Times in designing public opinion polls and other special features. I'm proficient at newsletters, press, and corporate communications.]
14009087, [I got my bachelor of science   organizational management in organizational management from palm beach atlantic university. As a Director of Marketing, PR and Special Events, I worked from  to Current. And my major duty is Managed online and print advertising budgets up to $100,000.. Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.. Oversaw and assisted in developing two new websites and all social media strategies.. Oversaw and managed all private and public events, coordinating with catering and entertainment.. Served as organization spokesperson for media and the community.. Organized, planned and implemented press conferences for new openings, groundbreaking, capital campaign and scientific breakthroughs.. Designed, drafted and distributed public information materials and quarterly newsletters and e-blasts.. Implemented creative, press-worthy events for the public and increased exposure, resulting in more than 40 feature hits across all media outlets per year, and increased visitation each year.. Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities.. Represented the Museum on all tourism and hospitality committees including the Palm Beach County Attractions Association, CVB, Tourist Development Council, Florida's Governors Conference on Tourism, VisitFlorida and Palm Beach County Cultural Council, resulting in regular coverage from national and international travel writers.. Trained all employees on VIP and media etiquette.. Coordinated all VIP, celebrity and donor visits.. Pitched location shoots to visiting and local film industry to garner increased exposure.. Implemented marketing and public relations initiatives to drive attendance, resulting in an increased operations budget from $500k to more than $2 million within ten years. I'm proficient at deadline driven ms office, ms office, and copywriting and copyediting customer oriented.]
91197243, [I got my ba in ba from syracuse university. As a SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, And my major duty is A 50-plus-year-old international public relations firm.. following successive promotions from Account Executive) Some Key Responsibilities: Serve on leadership team responsible for office growth strategy, employee policies, etc.. Help to sell new business, including proposal development and formal presentations.. Manage all aspects of accounts assigned to lead, interfacing with executive leaders and PR staff to develop program goals, strategies, tactics, budgets, timelines and measurement parameters.. Help manage and mentor junior staff Some Key Achievements: Built strong relationships with diverse client base that included corporations, government bodies and association/not-for-profit organizations, e.g.. Whirlpool, Coca-Cola, Coopers & Lybrand  [now PwC], Jamaica Tourist Board, Comcast, Madison Gas and Electric Company, National Roofing Contractors Association.. Key clients had longevity of between eight and 13 years, e.g.. Whirlpool, Defense Research Institute (defense trial lawyers), Madison Gas and Electric and Jamaica Tourist Board.. Orchestrated high-impact media relations results for all client programs in which media outreach was a component.. Conceived and directed numerous major, successful events to promote various client programs, including many held at high-profile venues in New York and Chicago. I'm proficient at leadership, speaking, and media relations.]
12545844, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication and journalism from university of nevada. As a Public Relations Intern, I worked from Oct 2010 to May 2011. And my major duty is Charged with building press books for clients' media hits, and with creating event press releases for use in driving additional traffic to client sites and businesses.. Oversaw three-part red carpet event with Nicky Hilton when she hosted at Chateau Nightclub, and created detailed write-up of event for client's blog.. Managed social media accounts via Hootsuite that better leveraged client services. I'm proficient at administrative experience, account management, and familiar with using tveyes.]
31292364, [I got my bachelor   s   journalism   public relations in marketing from community college of the air force. As a Public Affairs Specialist, I worked from 08/2014 to 03/2017. And my major duty is Subject matter expert on digital information distribution systems: Updated and managed the public website via the USACE AFPIMS system. Designed website for CSS Georgia recovery effort which became a favorite among public audiences, bringing high-traffic to the website. Created congressional webpages, eliminating need to carry bulky discs to congressional visits. Searched, created, & dispatched the news clips daily - on average two hours sooner than expectation.. Ensured all content produced by Corporate Communications Office gets exposure in other DoD channels: DVIDS, Army CORE, Public Works Digest & more. Managed district's Intranet site and turned it into a quick and convenient source of information for the workforce. Invested weeks into overhauling a new interface that hosts the most relevant info, increased visual appeal and is more user friendly. Established and executed an updating protocol that ensures the Intranet is a timely source of information with relevant updates. Reorganized the site making nearly all of the content available within two clicks, directed and managed the design of new icons, reduced scrolling, trimmed clutter, and archived dated information.. Authored articles and blog posts that included rainfall updates, employee recognition, civil works projects, deployments & STEM outreach. Assumed social media management duties in absence of primary manager. Connected social media to the public website by installing a plug-in that enabled Facebook and Twitter feeds to display on home page. Interviewed subject matter experts, drafts and publishes feature stories for external and internal audiences. Mastered the interview process to include research and preparation, putting the subject at ease, knowing the right questions and being conscious of other people's time. Adopted new communication techniques and applies them creatively to dynamic & evolving environments.. Instrumental in successful execution of the District's change of command. Created, arranged & managed Change of Command information webpage. Updated photo boards in the commander's gallery and functioned as an usher for commander & dignitaries. Made professional development & self-improvement a priority I'm proficient at research, social media analysis, and media communications.]
11902276, [I got my master of business administration in business administration management from babson college. As a Relationship Manager Assistant, I worked from February 2011 to July 2013. And my major duty is Performed processes of Know Your Client (KYC) and Anti Money Laundering (AML), complying with the regulators and the corporation's policies, and achieving zero expired customer files.. Maximized the value of Citibank as Correspondent Bank by calling the clients on a frequent base to identify new opportunity of business, monitor their transactional activity, and evaluate the usage/efficiency of credit facilities.. Worked along the senior management team to add new public and private institutions as clients after performing a thorough research of the market and defining the wanted key players.. Decreased customer complaints related to time of response and quality of the customer service by 50% in the second quarter of 2011 and by a 100% by the end of that year through attentive relationship management.. Developed and enhanced more than 70 client relationships, increasing revenues of the division from $ 1.7 Million to $ 7.2 Million in less than two years by cross-selling Citi's full range of products and services. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and processes.]
18436190, [I got my marketing management certificate in marketing management from de anza college. As a Public Relations & Marketing Manager, And my major duty is Bay Area native with over 7 years' experience in public relations and marketing, specializing in B2B technology, specifically video/television advertising.. Experience with company rebrands, website overhauls, international expansion campaigns, and crisis communication.. BlackArrow provides advertising and data solutions for next generation TV.. The marketing team handles all public relations, corporate, partner, and product marketing, reporting directly to CEO.. Notable projects include company rebrand, website overhaul and international expansion campaign.. Actively engage, cultivate and maintain global media relationships, manage speakerships, webinars and thought leadership pieces.. Create press releases and supporting documents, receive necessary approvals from key stakeholders, round up press for briefings and push release on the wire and social networks.. Create and execute annual marketing plan, including crafting of high level messaging and managing the marketing budget.. Research, plan and execute all corporate events - trade shows, conferences, and internal events.. Specifically, two major conferences with 12k+ in attendance; national and international.. Create demo material, show messaging, and briefs for internal teams and press.. Work with technology partners to develop joint marketing materials, such as press releases, data sheets, event sponsorships, and speaking opportunities.. Manage corporate website, blog, and social network sites - write copy for sites, create graphics, and maintain website with up to date material such as events, news and product releases.. Curate and distribute daily news from industry briefs to internal governance team, PR firm and social network sites.. Manage creative agencies, PR firms and bi-coastal executive assistants.. Brother Grand. I'm proficient at leadership, microsoft powerpoint, and speaking.]
23771896, [I got my bachelor   s   broadcast journalism in broadcast journalism from kwik kian gie school of business. As a News Reporter, I worked from May 2009 to May 2013. And my major duty is My specific duty are to cover the news from the President of Indonesia, in other words i was an Indonesian Politic and Presidential Journalist.. Presented local news and feature reports in national news programs.. Wrote factually correct, concise and engaging news stories within tight deadlines.. Gathered and verified factual information regarding stories through interviews, observation and research.. Introduced fresh and new angles on previously-reported material to update and inform readers.. Reported and penned front-page breaking news stories and provided real time updates online.. Traveled to location to write reviews from firsthand experience. I'm proficient at script writing, video editing, and news reporting.]
25413261, [I got my bachelor of arts in sociology from drake university. As a Producer, And my major duty is Responsible for all aspects of producing The Oprah Winfrey Show · Responsible for conceiving strategic, new, original and interesting ideas for 20+ hour long shows per season · Produce 2-3 shows a month covering a range of topics (Oprah's Voting Party with Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore, PDiddy and Christina Aguilera; Inside Detox: a suburban mother's struggle to kick her addiction to prescription drugs; The Cast of Friends Says Goodbye; Lisa Ling Investigates Bride Burnings; Julia Roberts is Having Twins, Weight Loss Success Stories with Bob Greene) · Supervise team of three associate producers, production assistant, researcher, field producer, legal coordinator, audience coordinator · Write show scripts and voice overs · Field produce multi-camera shoots with Oprah Winfrey · Adhere to budget · Create and design special sets and graphics to set tone for each show · Ability to juggle multiple show topics at one time in fast paced, high pressure environment without missing any details or deadlines · Perform daily negotiations with movie studio executive, networks, publicists, talent, record labels, corporations, advertising executives, product managers. I'm proficient at leadership, newsletters, and speeches.]
49119887, [I got my bachelor of science   marketing and business in marketing and business from marymount manhattan college. As a ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER, I worked from April 2012 to April 2015. And my major duty is Day-to-Day Management. . Manage, lead and mentor floor Managers and Staff  . Ensure service is maintained at the utmost of quality levels  . Develop risk management and mitigation strategies  . Represent The ONE Group in investigating, answering & settling grievances in absence of General Manager or Director of Food & Beverage  . Maintain all corporate mandates  . Update and track daily reports. Staffing and Team Development. . Analyze staffing requirements, develop iteration plans, and assess opportunities for future growth  . Interview, screen, and recruit job applicants  . Coach and train management staff  . Responsible for Team performance – morale, productivity, energy. Fiscal Responsibility. . Monitor activities and expenses  . Assist in setting and monitoring sales forecasts and profitability reports  . Keep General Manger informed of sales and key issues  . Increasing sales through marketing, networking and incentives for staff to raise guest check average.  . Assists in maintaining budgeted revenues, cost of sales (COS), labor, supplies & operating cash flow (OCF)  . Reviews monthly profit and loss statement (if assigned) and acts on all variances ]
27000192, [I got my master of arts   strategic communication in political science from gettysburg college. As a Intern, I worked from 10/2000 to 07/2001. And my major duty is Assisted with case work regarding constituent problems, requests and concerns.. Drafted a speech that the Congressman read in front of the House of Representatives.. Worked on the Congressman's campaign for re-election to Congress in 2000.. Assisted with paper work and applications for the Congressional Nominations to the National Service Academies.. Performed various clerical duties such as filing, answering phones, prepared correspondence dealing with constituent inquires. I'm proficient at leadership, hot dog, and edge.]
27257013, [I got my  in advertising from university of sacred heart. As a Account Executive, I worked from 01/2005 to 06/2011. And my major duty is Direct Report to the President.. Managed up to five clients simultaneously, including International companies such as: McDonald´s and Nissan. Wrote fact sheets, press releases, talking points, letters, speeches and articles. Coordinated, managed and organized events, such as press conferences, exhibitions, meetings, launches and promotions. Performed media monitoring, analysis and ROI reports for clients and their competitors. Coordinated media tours. Trained up to three employees. Supported strategies and other corrective actions employed to solve problems and issues as part of the crisis management process. Produced over 15 public relations pieces per month, getting 90% of them published in at least two media outlets. Got more than $1M ROI publicity in a year for a client. General Editor of a corporate newsletter that was read by more than 3,000 employees I'm proficient at campaign development, media relations, and team leadership.]
45900271, [I got my b   a   mass communications business marketing in mass communications business marketing from minnesota state university. As a Marketing Intern, And my major duty is Assisted in planning and promotion of a variety of local events including Mankato Marathon, Senior Games, Ribfest, Mankato Air Show, Vikings Training Camp booths.. Coordinated the technical needs of events including administering contracts, purchasing materials, obtaining permits, arranging security and parking, and soliciting vendors and sponsors. I'm proficient at leadership, tv, and excellent communication.]
22560013, [I got my ba   graphic design in graphic design from california state university. As a Partner/ Creative Director, I worked from January 1995 to January 2011. And my major duty is Responsible for Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.creative / art direction of client collateral.. Managed office budget, client budget and supervised a team of eight desment of advertising and marketing campaigns.. Coordinated and supervised multi-disciplinary team - designers, programmers, copywriters, photographers, illustrators - to ensure strategic and creative development, and integrated consistency for client's brands.. Project management, client interface, internal budgeting.. Print management, including, pre-press, and press checks Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Print Advertisements and Marketing Collateral: Design and layout of print advertisements for newspapers and magazines.. Design, layout and production of recruiting materials including brochures, one-sheets, folders.. Implemented a marketing campaign targeting women ages 21-35.. Media Buys: Responsible for the creation of marketing and advertising campaigns for outdoor (billboard) media, radio and television.. Directed photo shoot for Deputy portraits and managed schedules and managed contracted budget. I'm proficient at strategic development, art direction, and advertisements.]
24977396, [I got my bachelor of arts in rhetorical   interpersonal communication from biola university city. As a Apprentice Electrician, I worked from 06/2012 to now.And my major duty is As an apprentice electrical worker for Hilight Electric I replaced lights, fixed wiring, and assisted co-workers.. I was responsible for loading work trucks with accurate amount of supplies to make modifications to our client's locations, which included, but no limited to, Jack in the Box, Denny's, and Pizza hut.. Although it was hard labor the work required a strong memory, intelligence, and technicality. I'm proficient at communicator, educator, and social media.]
14364597, [I got my bachelor of science in corporate communications from mercy college city. As a Admissions Processing Clerk, And my major duty is Collected and processed admissions applications, official transcripts and supporting documents. I'm proficient at powerpoint, employee hiring and training, and cisco supervisor desktop and adobe acrobat proficient with mainstream social networking sites.]
59346975, [I got my master of journalism in psychology from university of north texas. As a Account Supervisor/SAE, I worked from 01/2006 to now.And my major duty is Created client campaigns and annual plans.. Identified and cultivated potential marketing partners for promotional initiatives to improve brand awareness.. Leveraged media relationships to produce top placements for clients, resulting in three Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International Adrian Awards for 2007 and top-tier placements.. Generated top billing account wins by drafting new business plans as core member of the creative team. I'm proficient at meltwater, public relations software gorkana, and html.]
11850315, [I got my SEP in SEP from SEP. As a Assistant Manager, I worked from January 2006 to January 2009. And my major duty is Public Relations & Events Career Highlight: Responsible for development and execution of public relations campaigns and events to maximize company's branding opportunities and charitable contribution: Mapped out strategic project plans and goals, and led cross-functional teams in execution; Developed methodologies to track/analyze initiative results and effectiveness; Created and executed email, video, intranet and other communications to direct and engage 15,000+ field employees around each initiative; Scripted CEO and senior leadership, and wrote press releases.. Responsibilities Assisted SVP in development and execution planning for special events related to seasonal collections, celebrity events, trade press, and charitable causes.. Maintained all media relationships, coordinated editor appoin tments, and responsible for all sample trafficking.. Managed PR projects as directed by SVP of PR including providing direction to vendors involved in media services, special events, etc. I'm proficient at leadership, speeches, and lexis nexis.]
24710433, [I got my juris doctorate   law        southern university law center   city   state   usa b   s   mass communications in mass communications from tennessee state university. As a Legal Assistant Intern, I worked from May 1999 to September 1999. And my major duty is Completed case research via LexisNexis and Westlaw databases.. Monitored legal volumes to verify that the law library was up-to-date.. Collected data to prepare and draft settlement packages for clients.. Composed and typed routine letters of correspondence.. Analyzed law sources, including statutes, recorded judicial decisions, legal articles, constitutions and legal codes.. Used computer databases, credit reports, tax and legal filings to locate persons and compile information for investigations.. Organized legal memoranda and client correspondence. I'm proficient at book, speeches, and press.]
21297828, [I got my bachelor of arts   journalism public relations in journalism public relations from indiana university   purdue university. As a Coordinator of Internal Marketing, I worked from December 2013 to September 2014. And my major duty is Managed inbound marketing campaigns to increase brand awareness and generate new business.. Planned and negotiated media buys, including TV, print and digital.. Contributed to the planning and execution of an event with more than 8,000 attendees. I'm proficient at journalism, multi media, and powerpoint.]
26330995, [I got my m   a   arts in arts from colorado state university. As a Child Project Officer, I worked from May 1999 to Nov 2000. And my major duty is Served as Project Officer in the Community Based Rehabilitation and Inclusive Education project for children with disabilities.. Managed program activities at rural areas and oversaw training and recruitment of local staff for the local rehabilitation offices in each area.. Conducted surveys and evaluation of program impact and advised management of outcomes.. Worked closely with donors to ensure synergy among on-going projects in the four targeted governorates.. Liaised and coordinated with organization branches, Yemeni ministries, NGO representation and local and external consultants. I'm proficient at finance, equity, and government.]
30642458, [I got my master of arts in master of arts      the royal central school of speech and drama writing for stage and broadcast media london   united kingdom worked independently with other graduate students across disciplines to create work for the prestigious source festival   interned for play development workshop the fiend   specialized coursework geared towards copywriting   script reading   and development   bachelor of science from skidmore college. As a Office Coordinator, I worked from May 2010 to Aug 2011. And my major duty is Served as first point of contact between instructors, parents and students for Duke University Summer Program. Managed the front desk, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.. Handled medical records, driver's log and vehicle check-out. Created a schedule for the airport pick-up and drop-off students in the program.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.. Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.. Also served as class instructor, created a syllabus for and taught classes akin to an introductory Theatre class at the college level.. Made a semester's worth of lesson plans, exercises, rehearsals,performances, and presentations for a class of 18 students I'm proficient at research, microsoft office programs, and mac.]
19503224, [I got my doctor of education in higher education administration from delta state university. As a Instructor, Assistant Basketball Coach, Webmaster, I worked from 08/2004 to 05/2006. And my major duty is Courses taught – Economics; Personal Finance; Advanced Computer; Web Design; Business Law for College Credit. Other duties: Assistant Coach (Basketball); Webmaster and creator of school website; Student Council Advisor; School Newspaper Advisor (Certified MPSA Teacher) I'm proficient at and foundation fiduciary responsibilities including accounting, working knowledge and skill involved in the bookkeeping processes associated with receiving, and experience in creating and maintaining institutional websites and social media platforms.]
36107065, [I got my computer skills   microsoft office   word   excel   powerpoint     research in computer skills   microsoft office   word   excel   powerpoint     research from athens chamber of commerce and industry. As a Executive Director, I worked from 05/2014 to now.And my major duty is * Screening the business plans submitted for potential funding. * Organizing the presentations of potential investment projects to ensure that are in accordance with the regulations. * Managing the inflow of investment projects and getting them in contact with potential investors-members of the network. * Promoting the network to attract members, investment projects and companies that are willing to sponsor the network. * Daily in contact with key people within the network to address potential issues and/or to promote new ideas. * Overseeing additional day-to-day tasks that may include administrative assistant's tasks and accountant's responsibilities. I'm proficient at business development workflow analysis sql and databases business artifacts documentation data mapping brand management operations management business process mapping microsoft office suite organized fluent in greekand english multi tasking creative critical thinking report development project planning attention to detail team building filing and data archiving flexible accurate and detailed excellent planner and coordinator works well under pressure social media knowledge pleasant demeanor team building accounting familiarity critical thinker spreadsheet management report analysis employee training and development.]
10554045, [I got my bachelors of arts   sociology city sociology in sociology from university of north carolina. As a Assistant Supervisor, Air Evacuation Clerk/Assistant Supervisor, Inpatient Records Clerk/Supervisor Medical Service Accounts Officer/Patient Affairs Clerk/Hospital Outpatient Records Clerk, I worked from January 1983 to June 1992. And my major duty is Supervised a support staff of six in managing all administrative functions related to patients using air evacuation services.. Coded each diagnosis and prepared concise medical histories to be entered into computer for patient's Aerovac Medical Record.. Personally managed difficult non-medical attendant issues directly with stateside facilities, ultimately saving hospital thousands of dollars.. Entered discharge diagnosis and procedures into computer for all inpatient and ambulatorysurgeries (3,000 cases annually) generated by 60 providers, ensuring that the proper paperwork was accurate and complete.. Obtained and compiled records for various audits, reviews and committees.. Assisted in pulling and screening more than 1,800 medical inpatient and outpatient records in support of JCAHO.. Upgraded several deficient functions within Inpatient Records; corrected discrepancies dating back three years.. Managed the hospital leave program, as well as mail and distribution program.. Significantly upgraded hospital's Regulation Program, resulting in elevation from a marginal to outstanding rating.. Drafted and implemented several innovative proposals to improve administrative efficiency.. Developed updated operating procedures for Mail & Distribution Office ensuring prompt and error-free service to 80+ departments.. Responsible for collecting cash, posting of ledgers and maintaining accountability for the Medical Service account.. Prepared billings; maintained files and ensured security of cashier's cage.. Restructured hospital's insurance billing and accounts receivable system, resulting in outstanding ratings. I'm proficient at insurance, receiving, and taxes.]
29525715, [I got my ba   environmental studies in environmental studies from allegheny college. As a Education and Outreach Coordinator, And my major duty is Developed new Energy and Resource Conservation Education program for grades 2-12. Drafted grant proposals for environmental education projects in the Pittsburgh City Schools. Designed, authored and edited program newsletter and other publications and presentations. Wrote curriculum about the built environment for vocational and middle school students. Planned teacher workshops and events to illustrate connections of the natural and built environments. I'm proficient at strong written and communication skills, and programs, and human centered design facilitator.]
15917885, [I got my b   a in journalism and communications from university of oregon. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Promoted to people manager; managed team of 80-plus employees; sought and recruited brand reps (e.g., conducted interviews, hired and led new employee orientations).. Worked as visual manager (e.g., supervised visual and marketing layouts and brand presentation). I'm proficient at journalism, coaching, and clients.]
12567516, [I got my bachelorof science in public relations from university of texas at austin. As a Intern, And my major duty is Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.. Tracked communication regarding clients using print and electronic media. I'm proficient at media relations, government, and microsoft word.]
21478007, [I got my bachelor of science in psychology from mercy college. As a Sales Associate, I worked from June 2009 to July 2011. And my major duty is Assisted retail customers with apparel selections and processed sales transactions.. Helped style merchandising displays to meet brand target style approach. I'm proficient at social e commerce natural leader, strategic thinker, and database management spanish fluency.]
24590489, [I got my bba   business administration in business administration from temple university. As a Senior Customer Service Representative, I worked from December 2003 to April 2005. And my major duty is Provided world classcustomer service taking inbound calls from customers while meeting productivity and quality standards.. Resolved customers' issues on first-call basis, including handling escalated concerns and follow up if needed.. After nine months in position, started taking escalated calls in manager's queue.. Served as acting manager handling escalated customer concerns for two hours or more per day.. Processed team credits and holds on customer accounts.. Evaluated customer billing statement credits to ensure they were valid and approved promptly.. Assigned to assist new employees at the Practical Assessment Center.. Chosen to train 20 new employees on product knowledge and quality call flow before they transitioned onto their new team.. Monitored live calls twice per week for quality assurance and provided feedback after each monitoring session. I'm proficient at finance, service level agreement, and processes.]
14667659, [I got my business in business from jones senior high school. As a Public Relations, I worked from 08/2011 to now.And my major duty is Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.. Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.. Organized public appearances, lectures, contests and exhibits to increase product awareness.. Worked with management to identify trends and developments that might influence PR           decisions and strategies.. Researched, negotiated, implemented and tracked advertising and public relations activities. I'm proficient at advanced clerical knowledge, e mail, and direction.]
19929506, [I got my bachelor of science   business marketing in business marketing from montana state university. As a Marketing and Public Relations Intern, I worked from September 2010 to May 2011. And my major duty is Created an official company page on Facebook to facilitate interaction with customers.. Managed both inbound and outbound marketingcampaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.. Wrote newsletter marketing copy and presentation materials for special projects.. Planned and publicized events, including negotiating vendor contracts and designing promotional materials. I'm proficient at factiva, public relations software gorkana, and microsoft office suite.]
31220062, [I got my ba   communication   public relations and advertising in communication   public relations and advertising from university of puerto rico rio piedras. As a Public Relations Intern, I worked from 08/2009 to 06/2010. And my major duty is Create Publics Relations Pieces as news releases and media kits.. Developed, planned, and executed advertising camping using social media as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.. Updates Web pages uploading new products information, upcoming events and news. I'm proficient at media relations, management, and producing.]
26173524, [I got my master of science   integrated marketing communications in  from roosevelt university. As a Public Relations Associate, I worked from May 2009 to Jul 2010. And my major duty is Orchestrated design, implementation, and ongoing management of multiple customer relations training programs in individually tailored compliance with client specifications; pro-actively reviewed and restructured programs to align with evolving needs and resolve unforeseen issues.. Monitored pending hits and clips and assisted compilation of quarterly media reports in support of senior staff decision making.. Responded to and managed media inquiries and requests; secured expert resources and co-developed press materials and reactive media responses.. Cultivated and grew beneficial relationships with media entities and third party organizations to streamline liaising and communicative efforts with all clientele.. Honored recipient of the Timex Communications Excellence Award. I'm proficient at desktop publishing software adobe photoshop, fundraising software donorperfect, and word processing software microsoft office suite.]
85973397, [I got my master of communication management in communication from university of southern california. As a Communications Chair, Board of Directors, I worked from 12/2014 to now.And my major duty is Produced timely and comprehensive communication to chapter members about programs, workshops, and other matters of interest via digital and print chapter publications. I'm proficient at experience in adobe indesign creative software and wordpress, advising c level executives, and nonprofit and public relations agency experience.]
18133495, [I got my high school diploma in high school from mount desert island high school. As a ICS Director Senior Hardware/Software Support Technician, I worked from May 2002 to Jun 2003. And my major duty is After accepting full authority over all corporate information, communication and security systems, my primary responsibilities included: Employee management, cost control, developing and directing the implementation of all IT related projects, while assuring that my team and I consistently maintained the systems and services that our customers and employees relied on.  My efforts in this position resulted in a 60% increase in employee productivity and the development of the first Private Label Auction site, for one of our key clients, creating the first source of income from the ICS Department.  Spending in the ICS Department was decreased by more than $100,000. I was hired into this position as the direct assistant to the Vice President over the ICS (Information and Communication Services) Department.  My duties included: Project management, documentation of policies and procedures, and reporting on the overall status of the ICS Department.  During this year, I built the first comprehensive ICS procedure manual as well as the creation or replacement of all corporate IT and communication related policies. I'm proficient at security, technology management, and as.]
14128006, [I got my bachelor of science   public relations in public relations from university of texas at austin. As a Beauty Public Relations Intern, And my major duty is Clients: Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics, Inglot Cosmetics, The Makeup Show, Hair Room Service. Managed social media for agency and clients. Event management for clients— managed press booths for clients for New York City's largest makeup artistry trade show (The Makeup Show NYC). Updated media lists: pitched to Glamour Magazine, Teen Vogue/Vogue, Ebony Magazine, Essence Magazine, Allure Magazine, Refinery29, W Magazine, etc.. Put together press kits for clients— drafted and distributed press releases to press at Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics' NYC store grand opening and trade shows (The Makeup Show NYC) I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, press releases, and event wrap reports.]
16620172, [I got my bachelor   s degree   communication and women   s   gender studies in communication and media studies from rutgers university. As a Human Resource and Recruiting Intern, I worked from 01/2015 to 12/2015. And my major duty is Created and implemented social media network growth plans for 5 Financial Advisors via LinkedIn.. Secured over 10 interviews per week for Advisor candidates, via email marketing strategy that I curated.. Founded the Women in Finance Internship to drive recruitment of entry-level women Financial Advisors.. Developed and pitched grant and internship program proposals for non-profit and corporate funding, securing over $6k in funding. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and marketing strategy.]
25001005, [I got my master of communication management in communication from university of southern california. As a Communications Chair, Board of Directors, I worked from 12/2014 to now.And my major duty is Produced timely and comprehensive communication to chapter members about programs, workshops, and other matters of interest via digital and print chapter publications. I'm proficient at and medical groups, and executive communication, and proven track record in communicating complex clinical issues and industry trends.]
19497420, [I got my bachelor of arts   law in law from new jersey institute of technology. As a Marketing Manager, I worked from 09/2008 to 03/2010. And my major duty is Spearheaded the in-house Marketing & Business Development team collaborating and coordinating with government agencies, sub-consultants, senior management, project managers, engineers, architects in creating world-class Architectural, Engineering, Construction related Request for Proposals (RFP), Request for Qualifications (RFQ), and Expression of Interest (EOI).. Collaborated with senior sales, engineering, and other business development executives to create best practices marketing initiatives and media positioning for vertical markets.. Built brand awareness and generated leads while managing internal and external marketing campaigns and programs.. Grew new business connections by strategically networking with industry experts. Provided support for executive leaders and provided detailed reports for business strategies, while cultivating partnerships with clients.. Coordinate with project managers in the selection and recommendation of appropriate projects and personnel to be included in the proposal, according to the Request for Proposal (RFP) as well as preparing Cost Estimates and Project Schedules. Help prepared comprehensive technical write-ups for proposals.. Proofread and edit technical proposal text written by a project manager and engineers for proper grammar, spelling, comprehension, and style. Also proofread and edit existing project summaries and resumes of project personnel, and other supporting materials.. Designed and implemented an "RFP Database" of knowledge and responses to streamline the RFP workflow and business process.. Actively participate in the improvement of the look and feel of EWF's proposal design. Track, measure, and analyze the win/loss rates of RFP/RFI response sales. Maintain and own vendor relationships, budget, and performance management.. Have won projects worth over $ 8 Million in total - Established an automated RFP management and coordination system for convenience and accuracy in developing proposals.. Transformed corporate website and social media platforms to better engage customers and promote sales, designed a comprehensive qualifications package and marketing materials for an extensive marketing campaign during the firm's transition period. Improved product marketing objectives by constructing communication initiatives and branding strategies to increase client outreach. I'm proficient at research, don t take no for an answer, and key account management.]
37375999, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from st   john   s college. As a Social Media Manager, I worked from June 2008 to April 2010. And my major duty is Handled all social media responsibilities.. Worked directly with Deborah Madison. I'm proficient at event management, communications, and social media.]
11160414, [I got my ba   communication in communication from communication university of pittsburgh. As a Correspondent, I worked from January 1988 to January 2000. And my major duty is Reported on and wrote local interest stories.. Columnist for monthly food and entertainment feature entitled "RSVP" which ran for five years. I'm proficient at business strategy, public relations, and social media.]
85766635, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication public corporate communication political science from westfield state university. As a Public Relations Intern, I worked from June 2013 to August 2013. And my major duty is Wrote press releases promoting upcoming events for clients. Composed/published 2 blogs weekly about public relations tips and current events for website. Worked to keep 3 clients' websites, Facebook, and Twitter accounts up to date Made pitch calls to magazines for clients' to promote upcoming events. Managed a Virginia political news blog, website, and social media pages for the public. Set up Google alerts/Trapit to track and monitor information. Attended rallies for United Mine Workers of America. Coordinated and performed social media tasks for clients events. Experienced and used effective communication strategies. I'm proficient at manage schedules and travel arrangements, websites, and strong organizational skills.]
16226743, [I got my master of science in  from central michigan university. As a Director of Public Relations, I worked from Jan 1992 to Jan 1996. And my major duty is A special events company of 10 full-time employees and 1400 volunteers who producing Michigan's two largest civic events: America's Thanksgiving Parade and the International Freedom Festival & Fireworks, each attracting well over a million people. I'm proficient at book, speeches, and processes.]
61319162, [I got my bachelor of arts in comparative government from smith college. As a Governance Manager, I worked from 01/2006 to 01/2008. And my major duty is Organized and coordinated governance activities and worked directly with the Chief Executive Officer. Served as the liaison to the Board of Directors. Edited grant proposals, participated in the grant proposal process. Tracked the priorities and developments of various boards that affected the organization. Represented the CEO in both internal and external settings I'm proficient at finance, marketing strategy, and staffing.]
38056161, [I got my masters of public administration in english from university of georgia. I have 3 work experiences.  I'm proficient at engineer, speeches, and verbal skills.]
65237556, [I got my bba   marketing and advertising in bba   marketing and advertising from centro de estudios superiores royal. As a Owner, I worked from Jan 2005 to Jan 2012. And my major duty is Buy-sell cars, trucks, motorcycles, heavy machinery, among others, I have my  DEALER credential, with which I have access to most U.S. auctions, we buy  in different places as in the states of Georgia, Florida, Oklahoma, among others, in addition to this we provide import-export services and shipping of both goods and vehicles. I'm proficient at public speaker, basic knowledge of photoshop, and tableau marketing software.]
75329822, [I got my b   a   marketing in marketing from berkeley. As a Public Relations Assistant Manager, I worked from 01/2006 to now.And my major duty is Public Relations & Events Career Highlight: Responsible for development and execution of public relations campaigns and events to maximize company's branding opportunities and charitable contribution: Mapped out strategic project plans and goals, and led cross-functional teams in execution; Developed methodologies to track/analyze initiative results and effectiveness; Created and executed email, video, intranet and other communications to direct and engage 15,000+ field employees around each initiative; Scripted CEO and senior leadership, and wrote press releases.. Responsibilities Assisted SVP in development and execution planning for special events related to seasonal collections, celebrity events, trade press, and charitable causes.. Maintained all media relationships, coordinated editor appointments, and responsible for all sample trafficking Managed PR projects as directed by SVP of PR including providing direction to vendors involved in media services, special events, etc. ]
11624880, [I got my bachelor of arts in strategic communications from elon university city. As a Public Relations Volunteer, I worked from 09/2012 to now.And my major duty is Met with head of Elon University Health and Human Performance department to create strategic communications for client.. Created focus group questions, survey, and completed focus group with Elon students to measure students' beliefs and opinions about the department of Health/Human Performance.. Created report of the research and presented findings of research to Department of Health/Human Performance. I'm proficient at indesign, constant contact, and experience with cvent crowdcompass mobile application software.]
31211074, [I got my bachelor of science psychology in psychology from morgan state university. As a Cashier/Host, And my major duty is Greeted and seated guests in a timely manner, and provided assistance to servers.. Accurately operated cash registers for POS transactions with cash and credit.. Maintained awareness of all promotions and advertisements; practiced suggestive selling.. Accurately recorded orders and partnered with team members to serve food and beverages that exceeded guests' expectations.. Cleaned and maintained the beverage area, display cases, equipment, and order transaction area I'm proficient at advertisements, outlook and excel, and merchandising.]
21669215, [I got my ba   communication   public relations marketing in communication   public relations marketing from mississippi state university. As a Public Relations and Marketing Intern, And my major duty is Interviewed hospital professionals for feature stories and press releases.. Prepared marketing collateral promoting hospital events.. Updated bulletin boards.. Assisted with various community events, including the children's health and wellness fair, monthly blood drives, t-shirt drives, and Christmas activities for the hospital.. Tour guide of the medical campus for new hospital donors.. Designed, selected topics, and wrote monthly employee newsletter.. Researched and collected media clippings for analytical and historical purposes.. Managed public and employee inquiries Special Projects Hispaniola Mountain Ministries, Starkville, MS          2013 Campaign to Improve Donor Relations.. Performed a SWOT analysis for both internal and external factors.. Created the survey to validate results completed by 150+ volunteers.. Identified notification and follow up methods preferred by donors and stakeholders.. Performed a target public assessment.. Identified primary and secondary publics for HMM to target to get new donors.. Research methods: journal articles, survey.. Identified goals, objectives, strategies and tactics to achieve desired outcomes.. Provided multiple ways to measure the effectiveness of each goal.. Created a timeline detailing when and how to approach potential donors and appropriate follow up behavior. I'm proficient at advertisements, direction, and stories.]
19558834, [I got my bachelor of arts in public relations english from university of rhode island. As a Event Coordinator Intern, And my major duty is Assisted student organizations with all aspects of on-campus programming from start to finish.. Individually generated the Student Programming Handbook, a comprehensive and user-friendly guide to     on-campus programming. I'm proficient at advertisements, mailing, and online marketing.]
53701275, [I got my master of business administration   human resource management university of the southwest   city   state human resource management      master of arts   conflict transformation and peacebuilding eastern mennonite university   city   state conflict transformation and peacebuilding      master of science in human resource management from eastern mennonite university. As a Public Relations Officer, And my major duty is Planned publicity strategies and campaigns Wrote and produced presentations and press releases Dealt with enquiries from the public, the press and related organizations Organized promotional events such as press conferences, open days, exhibitions, tours and visits Spoke publicly at interviews, press conferences, and presentations Provided clients with information about promotional opportunities and current PR campaigns Responsible for company relationship with other companies and government bureaus Assisted in developing and implementing the company's communication strategies. I'm proficient at publicity, press releases, and training programs.]
22455205, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics in economics from university of california   city. As a f, I worked from 08/2007 to 06/2009. And my major duty is Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas.. l Verified and created claim numbers by communicating with various insurance companies.. l Located, checked in and pulled medical records for appointments and incomplete patient charts.. l Contacted patients regarding unpaid and underpaid accounts to resolve any issues.. l Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.. l Obtained signatures for financial documents and internal and external invoices. I'm proficient at finance, microsoft applications, and investment management.]
20966771, [I got my master   public relations in public relations from georgia perimeter college. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from 01/2010 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Ensured all marketing materials were consistent, easy to understand, and well organized.. Provided administrative support for Mercer University academic and service-learning program.. Supported Mercer's community work-study internships and tutoring programs through event calendar updates.. Facilitated student communication with prospective volunteer opportunities through in-person, telephone, and email.. Maintained and organized volunteer opportunity database for optimal student use. I'm proficient at letters and memos, media relations, and microsoft word.]
19072267, [I got my m   a     leadership bellevue university m   a     leadership in mass communications from morningside college. As a Co-Owner/Manager, I worked from January 1974 to January 1999. And my major duty is Managed the business and its facilities, serving as its accountant and overseeing customer service and marketing efforts. Relevant Proficiencies. Experienced in conducting interviews in a sensitive, culturally aware manner.. Experienced in communication through written materials.. Experienced in presenting and teaching to large audiences (see I'm proficient at training, site design, and liaison.]
21321598, [I got my b   s   business in business from university of phoenix. As a Hostess, I worked from March 2009 to July 2009. And my major duty is Provided a warm and welcoming environment for guests.. Assisted diners with seating as needed. Worked with team members to encourage guest satisfaction.. Maintained a clean environment.. Maintained contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers. Inspected dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup. Rectified guest complaints.. Planned out the seating chart and organized the reservations. I'm proficient at research, graphic design, and marketing.]
11842274, [I got my cosmetology in cosmetology from career academy. As a Waitress/ Cashier, I worked from 05/2000 to 06/2002. And my major duty is Check patrons' identification in order to ensure that they meet minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages.. Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals and take action to correct any problems.. Serve food and/or beverages to patrons; prepare and serve specialty dishes at tables as required.. Escort customers to their tables.. Inform customers of daily specials.. Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods.. Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes.. Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making recommendations upon request.. Remove dishes and glasses from tables or counters, and take them to kitchen for cleaning.. Stock service areas with supplies such as coffee, food, tableware, and linens. I'm proficient at supervising, newsletters, and speeches.]
21549195, [I got my bachelor in business communication from florida institute of technology. As a Recruiter/Cultural Coordinator, And my major duty is Interviewed and assessed applicants for 35 departments for award-winning health and wellness center.. Managed advertising, designed recruiting publications; developed relationships with employment agencies, schools, colleges and community and presented at job/career fairs and business functions.. As Cultural Coordinator, oversaw ticket promotion and sales for seven venues. I'm proficient at annual reports, editing, and developed grant proposals.]
36671891, [I got my bachelor of arts   radio   television   film production in radio   television   film production from george washington university. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from Jul 1986 to Aug 1987. And my major duty is Prepared documents for purchasers of packages of syndicated television shows owned by Universal.. Completed assignments on-time with high accuracy rate. I'm proficient at excellent relationship building skills, resourceful and persistent, and self starter.]
51415089, [I got my bachelor of arts in communications from university of missouri. As a writer, I worked from March 1994 to December 1994. And my major duty is Wrote articles for corporate newsletter.. Interviewed executives, researched relevant issues and prepared articles for publication. I'm proficient at benefits, stories, and san.]
28531493, [I got my bachelor of science   public relations in public relations from san jose state university. As a Account Executive, I worked from Aug 1999 to Feb 2001. And my major duty is Clients Included: Silicon Valley Bank, Sand Hill Capital, MeriWest Credit Union, Toeniskoetter & Breeding, Inc.. Developed and implemented strategic public relations plans for clients involved in technology, law enforcement, finance, real estate, hospitality and community affairs.. Composed and distributed strategic client pitches, press releases, fact sheets, backgrounders and public service announcements.. Provided support  in strategic planning and publicity for new product launches. I'm proficient at experienced with multiple media databases, familiar with social media and influencer management tools, and proficient in microsoft office suite.]
16103783, [I got my bachelor of science in technology management from henry ford community college city. As a Production Team Member, I worked from 01/1996 to now.And my major duty is Directed assembly of automobile seat components, as well as testing and inspecting seats.. Ensured compliance with operational description to maintain safety.. Collaborated with team members to ensure efficient manufacturing process.. Trained new employees and answered questions.. Successfully completed tasks ahead of schedule while maintaining quality in high-pressure environment.. Consistently demonstrated willingness to adapt to new operational tasks and assist team members.. continued. I'm proficient at e mail, office administration, and equipment maintenance.]
11635137, [I got my bachelor of arts in english literature from uc santa barbara. As a Vice President, Marketing & Public Relations, And my major duty is Managed over 25 global staff members and architected over 50 public relations campaigns and initiatives proving to be pivotal to capturing Oscar nominations and awards. Cultivated the public relations efforts when company went public. Led all efforts for corporate communications.. Projects included. : Madness of King George, Ang Lee's Wedding Banquet & Eat Drink Man Woman, Kenneth Branagh's Much Ado About Nothing; Oversaw the public relations and communications for the worldwide launch and multi-season success for iconic American Gladiators series I'm proficient at leadership, brand champion, and sales.]
13129275, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts from bennett college. As a PRODUCTION ASSISTANT, I worked from February 1995 to April 2004. And my major duty is Integral member of team assigned with the task of design and layout of national business magazine. Authored - analytical, investigative, and economic development articles. Managed press checks, fact checking, and proof reading for all articles in magazine. Served as production coordinator for academic publications and public policy articles written by Federal Reserve System economists (including, typesetting for print, creating and editing graphs, tables, technical charts and figures). Responsible for managing sensitive and confidential information regarding the entire Reserve Bank's crisis management issues. Successfully led key project of designing, creating, and implementing Crisis Communications Survey, which resulted in identifying and assessing departmental crisis management training needs. Analyzed the survey data and made recommendations to management to improve department's Crisis Management Process. Created and maintained Fifth District Federal Reserve Bank's Media Relations Database, which increased tracking efficiencies of incoming media calls and requests. Created and edited documents informing staff of Fifth District Federal Reserve Bank policies, procedures and forums. Documented, monitored, and resolved Fifth District Federal Reserve Bank's FAQ section on external website, resulting in a redesign of the web page. Responsible for the redesign of Fifth District Federal Reserve Bank's Code of Conduct brochure to align with company branding. Qualifications and Relevant Experience Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with all levels, including senior management I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, p, and database.]
20470943, [I got my bachelors of business administration in fashion merchandising from lim college. As a Public Relations Intern, And my major duty is Updating daily log of Google Alerts and all other brand features in the press. Formally documenting and archiving press releases/clippings. Coordinating sample traffic between PR dept. and celebrities, photo shoots magazines, etc.. Confirming/tracking the return of samples from accounts/contacts. Planning and preparing high-profile events, ensuring necessary items were available for execution. Event list includes First Fashion Night Out (at flagship store w/ guests such as Anna Wintour and Kate Hudson), Hamptons Pop-Up Store, etc. I'm proficient at superior communication skills, in design and photoshop, and strong analytical skills.]
23015611, [I got my bachelor of arts   journalism in journalism from california state university. As a Vice President, I worked from 01/2001 to 03/2011. And my major duty is Account Management, Maples Communications, Mission Viejo Managed account team for agency's largest client, Toshiba, with $2.4 million in billings annually Developed and executed public relation plans, including product launches, environmental initiatives, community outreach and corporate activities Wrote messages, speeches and video scripts in collaboration with executive team Retained (ISC)2, the world's largest association of information security professionals, for entire agency tenure with 400% budget increase Directed the communications program from beginning for start-up Networks In Motion, providers of the first wireless navigation solutions for GPS-enabled mobile phones, resulting in acquisition four years later. I'm proficient at finance, speeches, and websites.]
34712719, [I got my  in documentary filmmaking from chapman university. As a PUblic relations officer, I worked from March 2015 to June 2016. And my major duty is Conceptualized and wrote project briefs to jump start efforts toward lack of traffic on website/media outlets.. Created the look and feel of the organizations online presence in social media forums.. Designed unique print materials including advertisements, brochures, and logo designs.. Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.. Coordinated community and school wide events and made sure there were no gaps in project planning.. Was in charge of communication between student government, administration, the school's broadcast program, and the school newspaper.I worked from March 2015 to June 2016. And my major duty is Prepared equipment for all operations.. Verified that all information was readily available and displayed correctly.. Created concepts for advertisements and promotional videos and carried them out thoughtfully.. Collected data and opinions followed by the air date of the video to improve upon my own work.. Ensured that the message of promotional strategies was received as intended and followed all guidelines.. Communicated with the head of the news channel in a timely and organized fashion. I'm proficient at independent worker, powerpoint proficient, and advertisements.]
14910300, [I got my bba   radio communication in business administration   marketing   pontifical catholic university   city   state   puerto rico business administration   marketing        bba   radio communication from pontifical catholic university. As a Journalist, And my major duty is Analyze and collect information through various modes such as personal interviews and news briefings to prepare news reports.. Prepare reports to keep the public informed about daily happenings.. Coordinate with news editor and fellow reporters to develop story ideas for report writing.. Maintain relations with all news sources on daily basis to develop story ideas and compile appropriate reports.. Selected accomplishments: Maintain excellent working relationship with production crew and producers.. Produce a sport section for one year 2. I'm proficient at leadership, speeches, and direction.]
21386255, [I got my bachelor of science in  from eastern michigan university. As a Public Relations & Marketing Intern, I worked from September 2003 to June 2004. And my major duty is Worked closely with Pfizer to ensure sponsor recognition for the exhibit "Microbes: Invisible Aliens Amazing Allies" which was made possible through a grant funded by Pfizer.. Wrote press releases, inaugural internal newsletter and copy for Web site. Revised the Museum's media kit, media list and membership letters.. Collaborated with the graphics, development, outreach, education and scouts departments on a variety of projects including event planning, phone surveys, research, demonstrations and ticket give-a-ways to local children's organizations.. Teamed with outside organizations to plan, promote and implement programs and events such as the 2004 Ann Arbor Family Days and 2004 National Volunteer Week.. Evaluated all previous marketing efforts including media coverage in print, internet, television and radio as well as compose a detailed list of corporate and local sponsors and partnerships. I'm proficient at satisfaction, training, and publisher.]
88651471, [I got my bs   business management in business management from university of phoenix. As a Public Relations and Marketing Manager, I worked from January 2002 to January 2005. And my major duty is ◦ Compiled sales reports on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis ◦ Designed marketing and sales business systems which resulted in a sales increase of 125% ◦ Designed and administered sales and inventory database for product and sales analysis ◦ Project lead for development of virtual training center for transportation safety ◦ Created advertising collateral for publication I'm proficient at security, finance, and sharepoint.]
22861181, [I got my bachelors degree   law in english literature from gauhati university. As a CENTER-MANAGER, I worked from 10/2003 to 09/2008. And my major duty is Oversaw daily office operations for employees.. Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.. Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.. Created company's first employee manual including training and development.. Liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies.. Planned and executed all aspects of office headquarter move.. Managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings.. Prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports. I'm proficient at languages, microsoft word, and hindi.]
45462344, [I got my bachelor of arts   communications in communications from university of puerto rico. As a Editor/Writer,  I'm proficient at writer editor public relations and media relations photography and graphic arts event coordination journalist researcher analyst business strategist singerand songwriter musician.]
24677466, [I got my master of business administration in journalism   mass communication from university of maryland university college city   state bachelor of science   journalism   mass communication   public relations        north carolina agricultural   technical state university. As a Public Relations Intern, I worked from 01/2005 to now.And my major duty is Developed feature stories for Athletic Department's website. Regularly updated content on Athletic Department's website. Interviewed sports coaches and various sports team members for newsletter content. Wrote press releases, weekly I'm proficient at joomla content management system, microsoft outlook, and adobe creative suite.]
23602130, [I got my bba   fashion marketing and special events in fashion marketing and special events from lim college. As a Assistant Manager, And my major duty is Pitched creative and original ideas to clients on a regular basis for potential events.. Met customers needs in a fast paced environment to maintain positive client relationship.. Designed and built samples for events and arrangements for sale. I'm proficient at desktop publishing software microsoft office suiteand tech savvy and able to learn new software quickly and efficiently.]
13915715, [I got my bachelor in corporate administration in corporate administration from universiti teknologi mara. As a PRACTICAL STUDENT, I worked from Jan 2012 to Mar 2012. And my major duty is Address: Tingkat 3, Menara Selatan, Bangunan Sultan Idris Shah, Persiaran   Masjid, 40676 Shah Alam, Selangor Darul Ehsan. I'm proficient at supervisor, interpersonal skills, and ms words.]
13727873, [I got my bachelor of arts and sciences in psychology from university of portland. As a MARKET ANALYST promoted to ASSISTANT DIRECTOR OF BRAND STRATEGY, And my major duty is Data Visualization and Demographics Assistant to CEO and team of twenty.. Performed market analysis for Metro PCS and Comcast to develop mico--- marketing campaigns.. Used psycho---graphic anddemographic research to identify trends in consumer behavior and develop brand strategy.. Responsible for evaluating target market for clients and providing analysis for effective marketing strategies.. Performed research and built models for numerous micro---marketing campaigns nationwide.. Converted raw statistical data into useful and actionable information for clients.And my major duty is Responsible for creating media lists for public outreach.. Facilitated and organized focus groups for numerous clients.. Compiled earned media portfolios for clients and organized product---based hit books.. Worked with members of the media on a daily basis.And my major duty is Helped prepare stimulus materials for child to reach age---appropriate development implementing the Son---Rise Program of the Autism Treatment Center of America.. Communicated case directly with Consulting Therapist and Parents.. Participated in all team clinics, training meetings and workshops to develop and maintain up to date therapeutic interventions. I'm proficient at consulting, processes, and materials.]
93828034, [I got my master of arts in communicating arts mass communications from bemidji state university. As a Sales Consultant, And my major duty is Promoted, sold and increased market share of national product lines distributed by the company.. Coordinated educational and trade show events.. Served as a liaison between product manufacturers and customers. I'm proficient at leadership, strategic development, and e business.]
24491862, [I got my bachelor of science   environmental studies in environmental studies from florida state university. As a Hostess, And my major duty is Created and organized seating charts based on the reservations for that evening. Kept open communication with the staff and managers as changes occurred. Answered telephones. Greeted guests and sat them at tables or in waiting areas. Supervised and observed the other hostess I'm proficient at brand development, hootsuite, and marketing.]
29329075, [I got my business communications in business communications from northern illinois university. As a Law Enforcement Officer/Police Officer, I worked from 11/1985 to 12/1997. And my major duty is The Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago is an independent government encompassing approximately 91 percent of the land area of Cook County, Illinois.. Focus on protecting and serving the community and property.. Patrol assigned areas and respond to calls, enforce laws, make arrests and issue citations.. Daily patrol of incorporated and unincorporated areas of Cook County, IL on district owned property.. Illinois state peace officer certification with full IL peace officer arrest authority and weapon certification.. Doubles as officer and dispatcher on a rotating basis, verified employee identification including photo and fingerprint verification. I'm proficient at supervising, direction, and forms.]
33072201, [I got my  in communications from bachelor of communications   baylor university. I have 1 work experiences. I worked from 01/2004 to 01/2005. And my major duty is Co-Editor of Diesel Army Magazine Published author and photographer in over 100 magazines and online publications on a variety of topics Chosen for the Who's Who of Outstanding Professionals 2004, 2005, 2006. 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013,2014 Chosen as one of the "Top 35 Under 35" by SEMA Magazine Speaker/Lecturer Exhibitor Show 2004, 2005 (focus on brand building, PR basics and marketing basics) Marketing/Branding Webinar Presenter for SEMA (Specialty Equipment Market Association) 2005, 2006, 2007 Radio DJ/Morning Show Host for KCKR-FM Proficient in Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Prezi, Lotus Notes, Oracle, Hyperion, FTG, Camtasia, Photoshop, Adobe, Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, video editing software, audio editing software, Speednik, CRM I'm proficient at corporate accounts, training, and account planning.]
23631724, [I got my bachelor of arts   communications in creative non   fiction from pennsylvania state university. As a Editor/Reporter, I worked from 09/1981 to 09/1985. And my major duty is As scholastic sports editor, operated staff of 12 full-time reporters, copy editors and photographers for sixth-largest Sunday paper in U.S.. Investigative reporter in sports, news. I'm proficient at stories, media relations, and government.]
14611516, [I got my associate of arts in video game design from bronx community college. As a Stockroom Supervisor, I worked from 09/2013 to 01/2015. And my major duty is NYC - Mens Shoes, Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.. Maintained established levels of goods based on sales forecasts and demand to fulfill orders on time.. Maintained strong vendor connections, including arranging pricing and delivery structures and managing specific shipment or paperwork concerns. I'm proficient at critical thinking, fact checking, and media relations.]
32441790, [I got my bachelor of art in  from krasnodarsky gosudarstvennyi universitet. As a Project Manager (Profession Opportunity Grant for Immigration/Refugee Recipients, I worked from Apr 2003 to Jan 2006. And my major duty is Provide resource information for potential students and participants ready for career search.. Coordinate with professional organization and post-secondary education institutions to recruit and attract skilled job seekers for the grant program.. Assist clients in communication with government agencies regarding Immigration/Refugee paperwork.. Conduct follow-up visits with clients, assess refugee settlements, and submit progress reports.. Supervise and evaluate project staff.. Management of all grant-related activities including budget and spending projections.. Conduct outreach, recruitment and awarding of subcontracts.. Collect, direct and develop all relevant grant data.. Conduct career management activities:  Assessment, counseling, job development and management of support services. I'm proficient at office administration, excellent communication, and publications.]
12237267, [I got my bachelor of arts   business administration in business administration from california state university   city. As a MARKETING ASSISTANT, I worked from 07/2006 to 08/2012. And my major duty is Planned and executed all store-level events including fashion productions, sales promotions, charity partnerships, and new customer acquisition.. Liaised between all impacted departments and vendors to ensure proper communications and reporting practices for a successful event outcome. I'm proficient at unique, business operations, and sales.]
42332765, [I got my bachelor of science in hotel administration from university of new hampshire. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at powerpoint, salesforce com, and database management boulder logic.]
26127853, [I got my business administration and management in business administration and management from devry university. As a General Manager, I worked from June 2016 to now.And my major duty is Managed the day-to-day tactical and long-term strategic activities within the business.. Conducted cost, schedule, contract performance, variance and risk analysis.. Reduced and controlled expenses by improving resource allocation.. Coached and mentored staff members by offering constructive feedback and taking interest in their long-term career growth. I'm proficient at collect specimens, microsoft powerpoint, and speeches.]
10926726, [I got my bachelor of arts in photography   fiction writing from columbia college. As a Assistant, And my major duty is Assisted directors, board of directors and human resources.. Key participant in the development of fundraising events, including staffing events such as the annual benefit concert which gained support for the Jewish Community Centers.. Drafted employee resource book, assisted in hiring office clerks, organized board meetings and other functions. I'm proficient at finance, digital photography, and book.]
14966165, [I got my bachelor of science   social and rehabilitation services in criminal justice from clarke college. As a Program Development Specialist, I worked from Jul 1985 to Feb 1994. And my major duty is Developed supervised, coordinated and monitored various programs for the elderly in seven counties in central Mississippi Promoted programs through public speaking, training, planning, writing grant proposals, budgeting and developing contracts. Monitored service providers in case management, congregate and home delivered nutrition, adult day care services, legal services and emergency services. Served in liaison capacity between the State Division of Aging and Adult Services and service providing contractors. Edited the agency newspaper and developed additional public relations campaigns. Developed statewide educational project on alcohol abuse/drug misuse in the elderly. Supervised Program Development Specialist I I'm proficient at microsoft office suite, supervision and management, and marketing.]
22754014, [I got my associate of applied science in interactive media from marion technical college. As a Wireless Specialist, I worked from Jan 2006 to Jan 2006. And my major duty is Assisted with the development of new policies and procedures in a new department.. Responsible for the wireless department and overseeing all aspects of wireless activity.. Dealt with all levels of customer service and technical support.. Handled customer complaints in a professional courteous manner, resolving conflicts expeditiously.. Learned the process ofselling and increased wireless sales.. Expanded number of "end of sale add-ons" by 35%.. Reliably maintained a cash drawer for transactions.. Kept an accurate record of all wireless transactions on a computer database. I'm proficient at research, analytical skills, and editing and copywriter.]
28975482, [I got my bachelor of science   communications in communications from the college of staten island. As a Administrative Assistant/Receptionist, I worked from August 2001 to February 2013. And my major duty is Direct liaison between clients, management and technical staff.. Involved with all aspects of customer service and appointment scheduling including solving problems, answering questions and working with customers to ensure fantastic service.. Greeted guests, performed general front office duties, answered phones, scheduled appointments and maintained reservations database.. Maintained computerized customer database.. Worked well with all levels of management and regularly assisted managers with projects.. Handled large call volume while maintaining accuracy, efficiency, and a positive, friendly attitude.. Operated cash registers and computer input applications.. Acquired excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the public and coworkers.. Promoted to Marketing and Public Relations Director/Manager in February 2003. I'm proficient at finance, sales goals, and training.]
21663616, [I got my doctoral degree   organizational management and leadership diversity and inclusion in journalism and mass communications from journalism and mass communications human resources. As a Intern, I worked from 01/1982 to 01/1985. And my major duty is Interned in the Public Relations Department.. Responsible for formulating, drafting and proofreading newsletters and other pertinent company-oriented documents.. This position enabled me to make verbal presentations about upcoming organizational changes to internal customers. I'm proficient at leadership, newsletters, and speaking.]
10873344, [I got my bachelor of arts in public relations and journalism from seton hall university. As a Admissions Assistant, I worked from September 2008 to June 2010. And my major duty is Assist students, faculty and university administration with various admission policies, procedures and activities.. Accountable for organization and administration of student applications.. Responsible for scanning and indexing documents into database. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, newsletters, and advertisements.]
41590605, [I got my public relations   marketing and advertising in public relations   marketing and advertising from university of michigan. As a Intern, And my major duty is Devised and successfully established working budgets and timeline for video and still photography shoots.. Managed the coordination and purchasing of stock photography for print ads.. Promoted to account lead on multiple direct mail pieces.. Maintained and updated status reports, and attended weekly internal team and client meetings.. Reviewed advertising materials for accuracy and completeness of work. I'm proficient at mac software programs, enthusiastic and dedicated team player, and lexis nexis.]
23048999, [I got my ph   d        kansas state university city   state gpa   gpa         adult   community education master of arts in public relations from missouri western state university city. As a Public Relations and Alumni Affairs Coordinator, I worked from 01/2003 to 09/2006. And my major duty is Coordinated public relations, marketing and fund development for the college.. Produced, wrote and approved various marketing mediums, such as newsprint, internet, annual reports, catalogs, strategic plans and brochures.. Served as Editor-in-Chief of quarterly newsletter distributed to 3,000+ alumni, faculty, and friends of college.. Developed and maintained Public Information website, and produced annual report and strategic plan.. Organized class reunions and alumni events.. Managed and budgeted other campus events.. Facilitated 2005 annual campaign, which resulted in the highest annual donations received. I'm proficient at newsletters, processes, and materials.]
74552449, [I got my master of science   international trade in business administration and direction from universidad carlos iii de madrid. As a Banking intern, I worked from 06/2012 to 09/2012. And my major duty is Opened new customer accounts, including checking, savings and lines of credit.Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.Processed cash withdrawals.Researched and resolved customer issues on personal savings, checking and lines of credit accounts.Delivered prompt, accurate and excellent customer service.Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications. I'm proficient at factiva, desktop publishing software photoshop, and public relations software bacon s mediasource.]
79041971, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma        federal way senior high school from federal way senior high school. As a Store Manager, I worked from February 2008 to June 2012. And my major duty is Managed a team of 6.. Completed a series of training sessions to advance from Assistant Manager to Store Manager.. Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.. Initiated program that standardized employee training and led to increase in customer satisfaction by 12%.. Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints. I'm proficient at assistant manager, sales, and reconciling.]
77156708, [I got my master of management in applied economics from colorado state university. As a Retail Store Manager, I worked from 08/2014 to 07/2015. And my major duty is Managed all aspects of store operations, including organization, maintenance, and purchasing functions.. Kept orderly and accurate accounting records by monitoring sales documentation.. Improved sales process and track with the implementation of a new point of sale (POS) system. I'm proficient at finance, newsletters, and salesforce.]
24580361, [I got my bachelor of science in economics from university of delaware. As a Intern, Derivatives Operations, I worked from 12/2011 to 05/2012. And my major duty is Responsible for updating and creating backend client contact details database to ensure efficient communication with clients for successful compliance with federal regulations. Prepared bi-monthly critical executive scorecard reports for senior management to ensure the corporation complied with federal confirmed-trade regulations. Improved efficiency of reporting through developing system enhancements, including macros generating business critical compliance reports for both equity and credit derivatives. ]
34953092, [I got my master of science   computer engineering in mathematics from university of missouri   columbia   city   state   usa graduate research assistantships gpa                  bachelor of science   finance and banking. As a Assistant Analyst, Intern, I worked from June 2010 to July 2010. And my major duty is Researched China mobile market by gathering annual mobile productivity data from Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China, as well as assisted in edition of industry report based on analysis from JP Morgan and Bloomberg.. Participated in the financial due-diligence of Benshan Media and its subsidiary companies, and developed a time-saving method for the re-organization process to different target companies. I'm proficient at programming language c c, r, and vba.]
17189156, [I got my math in math from university of california. As a Lead Teller, And my major duty is Manage the Teller's work flow to ensure success with daily cash balancing, building great rapport with customers, and meeting their referral and sales goals- all while maintaining an ethical and positive work environment for all.. Requires little supervision and juggle a variety of tasks including exercising excellent customer service in all customer interactions and managing and resolving customer conflicts.. Follow procedures to minimize errors and reduce fraud.. Provide customers with new products and services to help them succeed financially.. Create, train, and coach a successful service and sales team.. Ensure compliance with audit and operational regulations and guidelines with the bank.. Support the Service Manager with daily operational tasks Assisting in resolving difficult customer service issues with quick and professional results. I'm proficient at and payroll partner numerous times, microsoft excel, and clerical support and the ability to interact effectively with a diverse group of individuals at various ages.]
19920687, [I got my bs   electrical and computer engineering in electrical and computer engineering from university of michigan   college of engineering. As a Senior Loan Officer, I worked from July 2000 to October 2006. And my major duty is Windsor Capital individual Top Producer of the Month - July 2005, Windsor Capital Platinum Club - 2004 and 2005, Gold Club 8 x's between 2003 - 2005, Silver Club 8x's between 2003 and 2005, Windsor Capital Branch Top Producer - 2003, 2004 and 2005. Hired, managed, and trained new loan officers for mortgage production and sales. Funded over $100,000,000 in mortgage loans for single and multi-family properties. Partnered with title companies, real estate agents, contractors, and escrow officers to solicit new clients and generate mortgage loans I'm proficient at escrow, sales goals, and training.]
26579709, [I got my business administration finance in business administration finance from ashworth college. As a Assistant Facilities Manager, And my major duty is I managed and organized maintenance employees and contractors on the premises daily to meet the goals of the business.. I implemented employee schedules and organized shifts according to business needs. I was responsible for complying with all local and state safety requirements for the buildings (3) including employee training, facility inspections, cleaning, support services, and security of the premises.. I managed projects including facilitating departmental moves from beginning to the end. This included working with internal departments and external vendors and contractors to complete the project. I'm proficient at shortsale, goal driven, and escrow.]
29093426, [I got my accounting and bookkeeping in accounting and bookkeeping from george westinghouse career academy. As a Underwriting Assistant, I worked from 06/2001 to 12/2004. And my major duty is Performed data entry for delegated Mortgage Insurance requests that require company accuracy  rating of at least 95% to 100%.. Correspond to customer inquiries regarding status requests and underwriting decision.. Purchased and managed office supplies operating as inventory clerk and shipping clerk.. Managed shipping process and shipping logs for off-site file retention. I'm proficient at insurance, data entry, and imaging.]
33286293, [I got my psychology economics markets and management in psychology from duke university. As a Intern, And my major duty is Generated leads of potential high net worth clients on both a corporate and private level.. Aided in evaluating financial reports and constructing portfolio changes. I'm proficient at cash flow, equity, and reading.]
29552167, [I got my bachelor of arts in business management from frank phillips college. As a Sales and Service Specialist, I worked from August 2007 to February 2010. And my major duty is Provides customer solutions to moderately complex or escalated issues by providing seamless delivery of service, sales and/or fulfillment requests by answering calls, text messages or emails in a contact center environment.. Requires knowledge of multiple products and ability to deepen or retain relationships through service and sales.. May perform routine account-related transactions.. Involves referring customers to the appropriate line of business for products not supported.. May be required to solve problems and investigate/resolve a wide variety of issues and requests that include gathering additional information, setting expectations and working with other support organizations to fulfill the request.. May handle escalated issues by successfully navigating the organization to resolve customer requests.. Routes, maintains and tracks outstanding servicing requests and provides thorough follow up. I'm proficient at delivery, leadership, and coaching.]
69243180, [I got my bachelor of arts in english literature from university of massachusetts. As a Financial Advisor, I worked from Jan 2007 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Responsible for helping individuals and business owners design and implement an appropriate investment strategy based on their specific personal financial goals and circumstances.. Rendered exceptionally high quality service to clients in the area of estate planning for high  net  worth individuals using appropriate life insurance policies.. Implemented many of my own insurance and securities marketing campaigns.. Responsible for establishing new client accounts.. Analyzing client's current and future financial needs. I'm proficient at finance, insurance, and equity.]
26987539, [I got my bachelor of liberal arts in sociology   dance from washington state university. As a Assistant Warehouse Manager, I worked from May 2005 to July 2006. And my major duty is Managed warehouse recruitment, interviews, schedules, customer satisfactions surveys, and employee recognition efforts.. Trained and instructed new sales associates and employees on diverse customer service etiquette which increased store revenue by 30%.. Oversaw inventory and shipments to provide consistent warehouse organization that enhanced duties and responsibilities of sales associates. I'm proficient at advertisements, insurance, and staffing.]
17276884, [I got my ba bs in management city   state management from san francisco state university. As a Senior Tax Preparer Manager, I worked from January 2003 to January 2007. And my major duty is Served as executive assistant to the management team, handled a busy phone system, functioned as primary liaison to customers and ensured a consistently positive customer experience.. Helped drive a 10% increase in customer satisfaction (as measured by a customer survey in   (2003-2007).. Created automated daily stats report that reduced inaccuracies and provided management with an important decision-making tool.. Quickly became a trusted assistant to the company president, executive staff and office manager and earned a reputation for maintaining a positive attitude and producing high-quality work.. Trained new tax preparer and audited processed work to assure the accurate information was being reported to the IRS in behalf of the customer individual and business taxes.. Managed a staff of ten (10) plus tax preparers. I'm proficient at taxes, peach tree, and government.]
22615491, [I got my bachelor of arts in economics finance from central connecticut state university. As a Sandwich Maker,  I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, excel spss, and powerpoint.]
45167858, [I got my associate of science   inter social behavioral sciences in inter social behavioral sciences from los angeles southwest college. As a Teller, I worked from Jun 2004 to Dec 2004. And my major duty is Cashed checks for new and existing customers, processed incoming daily reports, completed mail deposits in dual control.. Processed cashiers checks and money orders, processed credit card payments, and all other responsibilities associated with the position of a Teller. I'm proficient at excellent customer service assistance, type wpm, and in and outbound call center.]
13982572, [I got my bba   banking in banking from strayer university. As a Manager/Auditor, I worked from 02/2004 to 06/2007. And my major duty is Processed guest payments for room charges, food and beverage charges and phone charges.. Greeted and registered guests and issued room keys.. Delivered requested items to guests' rooms.. Processed credit card transactions during the checkout process.. Supervised front desk staff.. Monitored the appearance and performance of the front desk staff.. Fostered strong working relationships with all hotel departments.. Performed bookkeeping activities, such as balancing accounts and conducting nightly audits.. Recorded guest comments or complaints, referring customers to managers as necessary.. Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities.. Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems. I'm proficient at finance, telephone etiquette, and processes.]
3547447, [I got my associate of science   business administration in business administration from auburn university. As a Loan Processor, I worked from 04/2003 to now.And my major duty is Mortgage Lending Services. * Corresponded with customers, management, and title companies, to respond to inquiries. * Interpreted company policies while analyzing the applicant, property, and documentation to minimize the need for subsequent follow ups with borrowers. * Verified and validated supporting income, asset, and liability documentation to ensure validity. * Clears all Title exceptions and errors. * Successfully maintained a minimum volume of 30+ loan packages daily with no errors I'm proficient at security, sharepoint, and risk assessment.]
98965485, [I got my b   s   b   a in business administration management from the college of santa fe western states school of banking. As a Operations Manager, I worked from Jan 1986 to Jan 1993. And my major duty is Project Management for multiple technology related and product development projects.. Ensured compliance with all laws and policies and procedures were followed by Bank staff in accordance with the regulatory environment.. Responded to all audit comments and followed up on training and staff adherence.. Managed training, merchant services and audits responses and follow-up for the branches.. Wrote the teller & branch operations manuals in accordance with accepted policies & procedures.. Kept policies and procedures updated and communicated to all branch personnel.. Developed and managed the monthly reports of ATM profitability. I'm proficient at leadership, highly creative, and facilities management experience.]
38897568, [I got my master of business administration   human resource management in computer information systems from louisiana delta community college. As a Containment Quality Inspector, I worked from January 1999 to April 2007. And my major duty is Separated non-conforming parts to ensure the guidelines for quality guidelines are met.. In support of and under the direction of quality engineers, supervisors, or technicians, used the proven techniques to evaluate hardware documentation, performs laboratory procedures, inspected products, measures process performance, records data, and prepares formal reports.. Produced forward automotive lighting and training to peers on new operation functions. I'm proficient at negotiation, interpersonal skills, and tax preparer.]
12021752, [I got my bachelor of science   finance in finance from arizona state university   w   p   carey school of business. As a Financial Analyst, I worked from December 2008 to January 2009. And my major duty is Created $3.4 million Real Estate Development proposal for a multi-family residential community in San Antonio.. Created an asset-level pro-forma and financial model to achieve target IRR's of 18% or better.. Competed and defended proposal in the National NAHB Competition in Las Vegas. I'm proficient at equity, closing, and government.]
19149865, [I got my bachelor of science   finance in finance from university of nevada. As a TICKET OFFICE OPERATIONS MANAGER, I worked from August 1998 to June 2000. And my major duty is Duties included managing and assisting the daily operations of the multi-station c ticket office for all incoming phone orders for ticket sales, customer inquiries, and complaints.. Facilities creation in Pass2 ticketing system to accommodate upcoming.. events in showroom, ballroom, and banquet space.. Act as chief liaison for vendors, customer service inquiries and escalated customer issues.. Assuring positive customer experience by training representatives in customer service techniques, monitoring the performance of staff, complying with customer requests to the extent possible, and solving problems quickly and to the satisfaction of the customer. I'm proficient at sharepoint, organizational development, and supervising.]
29839396, [I got my bachelor of science   aeronautical engineer in aeronautical engineer from united states air force academy. As a SALES CLERK, I worked from May 2011 to August 2011. And my major duty is Advised customers and completed sales     Increased sales earnings by 20% in the Junior's Department for the period of June to August     Named "Employee of the Month" by recommendation of customers for friendly and helpful service (July).And my major duty is Summary of company industry if not well known; this provides context for job (good starting place is your company's mission statement).. Responsibilities.. Action; impact.. Action; impact.. Action; impact.. COMPANY          CITY, STATE POSITION          MONTH, YEAR - MONTH, YEAR     Responsibilities.. Action; impact.. Action; impact.. COMPANY          CITY, STATE POSITION          MONTH, YEAR - MONTH, YEAR     Responsibilities.. Action; impact.. Action; impact. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and processes.]
15856762, [I got my bachelor of arts   business economics in business economics from california state university. As a Finance Manager, And my major duty is Compass Aerospace is a supplier and manufacturer for commercial and military aircraft delivering precision machine parts with revenues of $135M, and 775 employees worldwide. I'm proficient at microsoft office applications oracle project management, contract negotiations corporate finance, and cash flow analysis cognos consulting.]
18208580, [I got my bachelor   business finance   hr management in business finance   hr management from houston community college. As a Sr. Financial Service Rep, I worked from 11/2003 to 07/2007. And my major duty is Directed daily operations for retail banking, including branch sales, business development, customer service, and credit analysis.. Managed a staff of customer service representatives and tellers.. Analyzed financial statements and pertinent information to determine creditworthiness of prospective customers.. Counseled corporate clients and high net-worth individuals with regard to their borrowing needs.. Highlights: Joined BBVA Compass as a Part-Time teller, Promoted to Senior Teller, and then Sr.. Financial Rep within 2 years.. Transferred to Capital One, Na.. To further my career in Banking. I'm proficient at customer service marketing, creative with broad based background in highly competitive and dynamic organizations, and excellent communication.]
17396388, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from university of california. I have 4 work experiences. I worked from June 2011 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for leading, growing , and mantaining customer relationships for local branches wih 3.5 billion in customer deposits. Oversaw an average of 125 employees, and diretly managed and led 11 Branch Managers throughout the Westside and Santa Monica area. Revitalized operations and realigned plans to better capture new opportunities and take advantage of changes in customer habits.. Worked diligently to resolve unique and recurring complaints, promoting loyalty, prioritizing customer needs and enhancing operations .. Supervised 11 locations to enforce high-quality standards of operations from loss prevention to operational processes.. Conceptualized and implemented strategies to realign operational strategies and enhance personnel management approaches.. Met deadlines by proactively managing individual and team tasks and streamlining processes throughtout branches and industry.. Spearheaded routine operations and special program initiatives for regional group, including digital implmenation and skill development.. Modeled best practices for sales and customer service.. Located, developed and promoted talented employees to cultivate a collaborative and hardworking leadership team.. Partnering with different lines of business to support client needs and apply unified approach in meeting business expectations and goalsI worked from April 2007 to June 2011. And my major duty is Encouraged employee development and promoted management staff from within.. Supervised branch operations and made continuous improvements in each area.. Utilized up-to-date information to make effective decisions governing bank operations.. Set risk management policies to mitigate bank losses.. Defined strategies and made proactive adjustments to maintain results.. Provided direction and leadership to all employees .. Upheld stringent bank standards for loans, money handling and legal considerations.. Represented bank at community events to establish strong ties and promote business.. Reviewed historical records, current operational data and forecasting information to identify and capitalize on system enhancement opportunities.. Performed banking, business administration and financial tasks to guarantee five-star service for clients.. Developed strategic plans for day-to-day financial operations.. Supported Regional Bankign Distirct Manager with special projects and additional job duties.. Built and maintained productive relationships with internal and external customers and partners to facilitate business success.I worked from August 2005 to April 2007. And my major duty is Monitored team performance, adhered to service level agreements (SLAs) and provided detailed job training.. Assessed employee work and responsible for performance with branch operations and customer experience related to service approaches.. Met with customers to discuss service needs and develop effective and practical solutions.. Maintained team productivity and quality of service by establishing and maintaining clear benchmarks.. Monitored equipment, tools and system upgrades to compile data into detailed reports for upper management.. Contributed to development, implementation and execution of maintenance programs.. Monitored priorities and liaised between maintenance team and management, delegating tasks to complete on time.I worked from June 1999 to August 2005. And my major duty is Mentored newly hired team members on appropriate responses to patron questions.. Investigated and promptly resolved issues with patron accounts.. Created teller schedule to keep weekly and weekend shifts properly staffed.. Replenished ATM funds in empty canisters prior to validation process.. Introduced customers to other bank team members to help meet financial needs.. Identified potential needs through observation, questioning and listening.. Provided customers with appropriate literature on banking products and services.. Answered inquiries regarding checking and savings accounts and other related products.. Completed highly accurate, high-volume money counts via both manual and machine-driven approaches.. Conducted regular proof work and followed up on chargebacks and deposit corrections.. Counted, verified and handled bank deposits and armored car transactions.. Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.. Established rapport with new clients to increase satisfaction and loyalty. I'm proficient at leadership, negotiation, and creative.]
28419927, [I got my  in art history from school of management. As a Sales and Service Executive-West Coast, I worked from Nov 2011 to Nov 2016. And my major duty is Responsible for the revenue growth of 40% of the consumer franchise.. Significant work integrating Merrill Lynch into the client spectrum for Bank of America. Participated in first pilot hiring and scaling capabilities of the Merrill Edge organization.. Outcome:. Successful Boston based pilot was scaled nationwide, moved to Los Angeles to launch West Coast. Collaborated in SLAs based on client feedback for best outcome.. Key executive for pilot bringing all specialized sales inside Financial Centers inclusive of Countrywide acquisition lending capabilities.. Outcome:. Best in class teams following CEOs scorecard accountabilities, best in class portfolio penetration.. Motivated and encouraged team members to communicate more openly and constructively with each other as well as addressed the need to share local talent.. Outcome:. established leadership councils in all key cities to mitigate delivery escalations and establish cross LOB referral accountability. I'm proficient at problem resolution, team building, and operations oversight.]
87867370, [I got my b   s   business management in business management from university of phoenix and fairleigh dickinson university. As a Cash Management Officer, Assistant Vice President, And my major duty is Produced and executed various cash management solutions for business clients in the Maryland and DC Regions.. Responsible for the sale of Cash Management services as well as the maintaining of existing businesses within the market.. Preparing sales presentations, proposals, resolving client issues, managing new small business development while negotiating cash management pricing.. Worked with business clients to implement ATM's, while monitoring cash requests, and ATM usage at specific business locations.. Reduced Bank costs by 12%          Completed more than 50 presentations and proposals. I'm proficient at as, client product implementation system cpi, and microsoft office xp excel.]
27120528, [I got my associate in adobe creative cloud economic from university of north texas city. As a Quality Assist, And my major duty is Accurately measured vinyl siding.. Trained new employees on proper work ethics.. Assisted in quality control ensuring a higher quality product for clients. I'm proficient at attorney, sales manager, and processes.]
70667011, [I got my bs   business management in business management from guilford college. As a Personal Banker, Officer, And my major duty is Provide financial solutions to consumers and business.. Provided financial and advising counseling to customers Prepared loan documents and conducted closings. Comply with all federal and state regulations. I'm proficient at mortgage compliance, proficient with unifi system, and developing business.]
36302399, [I got my bachelor of science in accounting from jackson college. As a Michigan Regional Account Manager, And my major duty is Develop presentations to target top-producing agents and secure commitment and follow up with commitments and monitor percentage attainment of stated goals.. Educate real estate agents on products and services available that would provide financial assistance with the transition of their new home owners in the event of any immediate mechanical failures.. Strong knowledge of residential real estate law demonstrated through instructing an accredited continuing education course for realtors in the issue pertaining to risk management.. Maintain marketing concessions and monitor their use judiciously while adhering to contract and call center policies.. Mediate unresolved claims between consumer and Home Security of America through extensive negotiations.. Present Home Security of America's message to individual agents and brokers, as a part of maintaining existing relationships as well as prospecting new clients through warm and cold calling.. Expand client referral base through networking groups: Michigan Board of Realtors; Western Wayne Board of Realtors; Lansing Board of Realtors and Oakland Board of Realtors. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and benefits.]
89049979, [I got my bachelor of arts   sociology   criminal law        fairleigh dickinson university   city   state   us fairleigh dickinson university   teaneck   new jersey bachelor of arts in sociology in sociology   criminal law from fairleigh dickinson university. As a Paralegal, I worked from May 1996 to March 1997. And my major duty is Securities I'm proficient at training, liability, and eeoc.]
43375498, [I got my business administration in business administration from san joaquin valley community college. As a Front Desk/ Fitness Advisor/ General Manager/ Operations Manager/ Regional Sales Manager, I worked from January 2007 to June 2010. And my major duty is I started as a Front desk staff at $6.00 an /hr for the first week.. I was then moved to a Fitness Advisor which is front line sales.. I worked this job for approximately 2 months before I was promoted to Sales Manager.. After weekly Sales meeting in which I provided the agenda for approximately 3 months.. I was then moved to another club and asked to work managing them both.. Working between 60 and 80 hours a week.. I worked corporate deals with Armed Forces Bank (my current employer), KU for student gym access,  Armed Forces Insurance, USD 453, USD 207, Douglas County Municipality, Leavenworth Municipality.. Assisted in training Sales, and Operational Staff.. Created Spreadsheets for scheduling, inventory, training, and corporate meetings.. Worked in the Circle of Influence to maintain corporate partnerships, and well as networking for new corporate partnerships in the community.. Built client relationships by acting as the liaison between the customer service and sales teams.. Consistently exceeded monthly sales quotas by more than 25% by pursuing leads and expanding the prospect list.. Exceeded team sales goals by 25% in , generating $168,000 monthly in residual revenue over the course of my 3 years and 6 months.. Created sales contacts with on- and off-premise accounts.. Acquired $7.86 million in sales revenue in 36 months.. The clubs sold for $27.8 million a piece 3 months after I left with a total of 6 clubs.. Developed competitive comparison tables of Fitness Memberships, Personal Training pricing, fees, ratings, category and product performance to use for account sales calls.. Oversaw sales forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.. Spearheaded expansion and development initiatives in Leavenworth, Lawrence, and Topeka locations.. Led sales forecasting, market trend evaluation and segment strategies.. Presented innovative digital media marketing presentations to executive decision makers.I worked from December 2002 to December 2006. And my major duty is I was a basic cannon crew member, and moved through the many jobs in thecrew.. I was the RTO Radio Transmission Operator, Gunner, Loader, and Advance Party.. I moved through the ranks and reached Sergant in 2 yrs and 3 months.. I was trained as a Combat Life Saver, Eagle First Responder (Medical Courses), As well as Air Assault Certified.. I completed one tour of Iraq during Iraqui Freedom in which I turned 18 yrs old in IRAQ. I'm proficient at market trend, banking quality coaching, and sales manager.]
30713796, [I got my diploma in diploma from diploma. As a to      SHIFT SUPERVISOR, I worked from November 1991 to now. I'm proficient at cooking, direction, and receiving.]
18805506, [I got my bachelor of commerce   accounting and finance in finance   marketing from s   i   e   s college of management studies. As a Associate, I worked from 05/2004 to now.And my major duty is Provide Advisory & Execution capabilities to manage Foreign Exchange & Interest Rate hedging flows for clients across the Corporate Coverage Group. Managing a team of two traders to run the High Frequency trading desk for top tier clients based on Technical & Fundamental analysis. Generate & manage Fx flows by working closely with the trade finance, cash management and the Institutional Client group. Pricing and execution for currency option structures including vanilla options, single & multiple barrier options & exotic structured options. Generated revenues in excess of EUR 4.0 Million for 2008 and over EUR 8.0 Million for 2007. Involved in the set-up & implementation of a new in-house trade capture system for Fx trades I'm proficient at compatibility for both, demonstrated ability to deliver solutions to clients, and product development.]
39247950, [I got my bachelor of engineering in electronics   communication from easwari engineering college. As a Manager, I worked from January 2013 to March 2014. And my major duty is 1.. Statement of Work (SOW) Tracker      : Webbased tool developed for use by LBG and partners  of LBG (e.g HCL)  a.. The tool lets the user create, modify, generate Statement of Work (SOW), online.. b.. Project details like team size, team structure and work description are also captured  separately for use by managers.. c.. Report generation functionality is enabled for privileged users accessing the tool.. 2.. Service Level Agreement (SLA) Tracker    : Online tool for use by IT vendors and LBG for  tracking Service Level Agreement (SLA) of all projects and generating customized reports.. a.. Data captured using this tool can be used by service providers and service users to  measure performance of projects.. b.. Data are captured for all Service lines Development, Testing and Support  c.. Functionalities have been added to the system to integrate it to HP Service Developed the web based tools using C#, PL/SQL, HTML, AJAX Extensions and CSS in  Microsoft Visual Studio IDE and SQL Server  Source control maintenance done using source control package called Visual SourceSafe  Hosted application in IIS 7.0 of a dedicated machine  Technology/Languages used: ASP.NET 3.5, C#, PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS  Tools used: SQL Server 2008, Visual studio IDE, Visual SourceSafe.I worked from July 2010 to December 2012. And my major duty is Web application in the EBusiness platform used to diarize appointment details  between LBG IT personnel and customers  2.. Business Eye  : Online EBusiness application used in collecting, consolidating and reporting  LBG sales data.. 3.. TRACX  : Online EBusiness application used by LBG employees for recording training and  competency information undertaken by their colleagues  Responsibilities  Involved in technical support which included resolving application issues, using the helpdesk  software  Fixed minor backend code issues using SQL, in the form of Change Records  Assisted in data analysis, extraction and archival in Oracle database according to customers'  needs  Monitored Application Servers hosted in Central Management Console of Business Objects  Enterprise  Produced reports upon adhoc requests and archived data on a scheduled basis using the  Business Objects XI3.1 tools namely Desktop Intelligence and Universe Designer  Created SQL Server Agent jobs to monitor application's stability on a daily basis  Worked on correction of erroneous data feeds using basic UNIX Commands in PuTTY  Value addition  Altered the table structure of the database of TRACX to match the input data feed format  Assisted in the decommission of Business Eye by creating and implementing methods to  archive data from its database  Technology/Languages used: ASP.NET 2.0, PL/SQL, HTML  Tools used: TOAD, HP Service Manager, WinSCP, PuTTY, BusinessObjects XI3.1  Universe  Designer, Desktop Intelligence, Central Management Console, PM Smart, vi text editor. I'm proficient at business objects, enterprise, and technical support.]
30127072, [I got my master of science   public administration in public administration metropolitian college of new york   city   state public administration      bachelor of science   business and church management from metropolitian college of new york. As a Regional Support Assistant,  I'm proficient at insurance, closing, and commercial lending.]
11065180, [I got my bachelor of professional studies in computer information systems from kingsborough community college. As a Client Service Manager, And my major duty is Built and fostered a proactive workplace environment resulting in a higher level of employee participation and performance.. Supervised a team of seven client service professionals with a primary focus in delivering excellent client service, improving processes, and leveraging technology.. Partnered with Bankers to collect, analyze, and validate all appropriate due diligence and on-boarding documentation provided by client; utilized knowledge of AML/KYC policy to independently identify missing or insufficient client due diligence information.. Responsible for reviewing, entering and approving client information in KYC database, conducting OFAC reviews, and escalating findings.. Extensive client contact in partnership with the Bankers to resolve customer concerns in regards to demand deposit accounts, short-term investments, funds transfers, and sales opportunities.. Actively monitored service delivery for all Services / Product to client (via MIS, internal meetings, and client meetings).. Gregorio Luna, page 2. I'm proficient at sharepoint, processes, and adobe products.]
11637468, [I got my bba   accounting in accounting from st   joseph   s collegiate institute. As a Staff Accounts Payable Clerk, I worked from 06/1985 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for the preparation and submission of timely and accurate payments of both the Coated and Medical Product vendor invoice: maintained accounts payable system and all raw material transactions for subsidiary plants in Alpena, MI;. Pittsburgh, PA and Buffalo, NY.. Also processed monthly expense reports, air-travel invoices and performed special accounting projects as requested. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and market management.]
54421668, [I got my associate of arts   education in education from mississippi gulf coast community college city. As a Branch Operations Manager, I worked from 10/2013 to now.And my major duty is Functions as the Customer Service Manager ensuring a solid operational           foundation; builds relationships with customers while performing financial           transactions including paying, receiving, and cash control duties; seeks to uncover           financial needs, minimize loss, reduce risk, and deliver accurate and superior           services. Serves as the Customer Service Manager which involves conducting morning huddles and           weekly staff meetings. Models leadership effectiveness by sharing best practices and recognition of team members           on a weekly basis. Completes Staffing & Scheduling coordination and duty assignments to ensure efficient           operation of the branch. Offers guidance, leadership, and coaching to Teller staff reinforcing policy and procedure. Assist with branch morning and evening duties to include opening and closing the vault,           working and locking the Night Depository, setting up the Teller station with supplies and           cash, and balancing the Teller window/branch. Oversees the branch Risk Management Review process and ensures dual control procedures           are followed. Utilizes Cash Forecasting tool to control supply of money on hand to meet branch need and           legal requirements. Promotes and processes deposits, withdrawals, check cashing requests, credit card advances,           money orders, travelers checks, and other forms of negotiable items. Monitors and manages operational loss within a branch to include granting staff supervisory           override for transactions, ensuring proper hold placement for loss mitigation, and outage           resolution. Accurately utilizes equipment and remains knowledgeable of equipment functionality to           include ATM, Cash Dispense and Recycler Machines, Currency Counter s and Coin Sorters to           provide branch services. Observes, Coaches, and Models sales and service behavior for Teller associates and assesses           performance daily. Promotes branch professionalism and the Standards of Excellence. Demonstrates highest quality of customer service to include greeting customer, using their           names, making eye contact, smiling, thanking for business, and offering another product or           service. Images proof work through branch capture machine to include reviewing work and making           corrections. Compiles required and special reports as requested. Performs research and problem-resolution for customers as issues arise. Coordinates branch and staff Business Continuity planning and execution. Other duties and special projects as assigned by Senior Management. Incumbent is required to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local banking and           industry related laws and regulations including but not limited to the Bank Secrecy Act.. Manages employees on the Teller Line; Is responsible for           the overall direction, coordination and evaluation of this unit.. Carries out supervisory           responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws;           Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and           directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing           complaints and resolving problems. I'm proficient at leadership, trid expert, and goal setting.]
13393401, [I got my ba   chemistry in chemistry from pacific lutheran university. As a Chief Operating Officer, I worked from June 2008 to January 2010. And my major duty is Recruited by the Board of Directors to become COO.. Oversaw all aspects of this 35+ year old medical practice comprised of 5 freestanding radiation oncology clinics located in the South Puget Sound with 8 physicians (6 whom are owners) and 64 employees.. Revenues grew from $48MM in 2008 to over $53MM in 2014.. This was due to the addition of two offices (one in Gig Harbor and one in Olympia) as well as additional modalities of treatment.. Achievements: Saved the company over $160,000 in 2015 due to hard negotiations with our Electronic Medical Record vendor due to poor performance.. Saved the company over $120,000 annually by negotiating with the bank to lower interest rates on loans in early 2009.. Brought two construction projects, one for a new clinic with a $6.5MM budget and the other for an extensive remodel with a $4.5MM budget, under budget and on time saving $200,000 in total.. Brought in a consultant to successfully turn the Board Meetings into efficient, professional meetings with strict agendas, time allotments for each topic and rules of order.. Prior to that, the meetings were overly lengthy, ineffective and combative.. This resulted in fewer meetings, which have been far more effective.. Oversaw the opening of and addition of a Urology practice as well as the first mobile Brachytherapy unit in the State of WA (for the treatment of various types of cancer).. Both contributed to an increase in revenues to the company of more than $1MM annually.. Successfully negotiated with two of the owners for buyouts on behalf of the Board.. One was amicable and the other was contentious.. This will result in cost savings to the company in excess of $1MM annually.I worked from May 1998 to May 2008. And my major duty is COLB was started in 1993 and has grown to an $8.5 billion dollar, 150+ branch community bank in WA, ORE and ID.. Recruited by and joined as Vice President and Commercial Banker with no loan portfolio     05/1998 Through aggressive sales calls/marketing, grew portfolio to over $30MM in outstandings and $50MM in commitments in three years!  This was accomplished with a consistent and active marketing plan aimed at targeting well known businesses in the area as well as utilizing a strong referral base consisting of lawyers, accountants and existing customers of the Bank.. Promoted to SVP due to growth of portfolio and fee income/referrals          06/2001 Promoted to SVP and SWWA Commercial Banking Manager          06/2003 In this position, I was responsible for 8 commercial middle market lenders, whose territory stretched from Auburn to Longview, WA.. While Columbia had started via a bank in Longview, it had been neglected from a commercial lending standpoint.. I spent considerable time and effort in working with the lending center there to establish a robust and larger presence.. Achievements: Overall TEAM portfolio grew from outstandings of $100MM to over $160MM in a highly competitive, charged environment.. At one time this was the largest commercial market in the Bank (CB later entered Seattle, King County).. Implemented monthly sales meetings to emphasize consistent marketing and calling efforts, both with prospects and in cross-selling to existing customers.. This resulted in deposit growth within the group from $100MM to over $200MM and fee income exceeding $1,200,000 annually.. Also during this time I was active in mentoring individual lenders, assisting with credit structure and pricing and calling on both prospects and existing clients.. I worked hard to foster strong lines of communication and collaboration with other departments in the Bank who were our partners in business development and instrumental in our success.. Was asked to join Loan Committee as a voting member.I worked from  to June 2005. And my major duty is As my credit knowledge and responsibilities had grown, I was asked and approved to sit on the Bank's loan committee.. This was an opportune time to view all of the various types of credits that were presented.. In addition, during this time I was part of an assigned team to perform due diligence on potential bank purchases. I'm proficient at negotiation skills, leadership, and negotiation.]
71422121, [I got my bachelors marketing marketing in marketing marketing from university of north alabama. As a Jr. Quality Assurance Analyst, I worked from 07/2009 to 05/2010. And my major duty is Worked as QA for Qatar Airways IT's several web based applications for different projects such as tracking System Wide upgrades.. Qatar Airways offers frequent flyer program to its members.. They also use Sky Miles, Within Sky Miles.. They started to ask their members for a pin number which when entered, goes to members' info table and gets saved.. This option was implemented for security reasons.. Responsibilities: Involved in the full Testing Life-Cycle from analyzing Business Requirements to testing phase.. Prepared test scripts for testing GUI and Security (PCI Compliance).. Responsibilities included meeting with team and preparing test strategies and testing approach.. Wrote test cases and execute them manually using Test Director in Test Lab.. Conducted Regression testing, identified Bugs/Defects and logged the issues in Defect management in Test Director Conducted Mapping to easily identify results in Requirements from Test Director Write  SQL queries to retrieve data from the database Environment:  Windows XP, Quality Center. I'm proficient at finance, book, and inventory management.]
18457785, [I got my high school diploma in high school from juan pablo duarte   city. As a RESPONSIBILITIES BASIC Project Manager, And my major duty is Define the scope of the project in collaboration with senior management.. Create a detailed work plan which identifies and sequences the activities needed to successfully complete the project.. Determine the resources required to complete the project.. Execute the schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities.. Follow up on objectives and measures upon which the project will be evaluated at its completion.. Execute the project according to the project plan.. Monitor the progress of the project and make adjustments as necessary to ensure the successful completion of the project.. Execute the communication schedule to update stakeholders including appropriate staff in the organization on the progress of the project identified by lead PMs.. Review the quality of the work completed with the project team on a regular basis to ensure that it meets the project standards.. Ensure that the project deliverables are on time, within budget and at the required level of quality.. Evaluate the outcomes of the project as established during the planning phase.. Provide guidance and direction to the program and other teams involved.. Support issues resolution and delivery across department teams.. Create and present executive level documentation for use in program status and communications.. Support program / project management routines. I'm proficient at enterprise technologies, well tracking, and development of departmental budgets.]
21856577, [I got my high school diploma in eastgate christian academy from eastgate christian academy. As a Floor Supervisor, And my major duty is Floor Supervisor is an entry-level management position.. A Floor Supervisor shares in the responsibility for the overall performance the store and assists Store Management with generating sales potential, recruiting and developing staff, maintaining store appearance, controlling expenses and shortages.. Welcomed customers into the store and helped them locate items.. Handled all customer relations issues in a gracious manner and in accordance with company policies.. Identified potential shoplifters and alerted management.. Cleaned and organized the store, including the checkout desk and displays.. Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.. Stocked and replenished merchandise according to store merchandising layouts.. Priced merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory of supplies.. Trained and developed new associates on POS system and key sales tactics.. Instructed staff on appropriately handling difficult and complicated sales.. Counted cash drawers and made bank deposits. I'm proficient at insurance, processes, and staffing.]
21645690, [I got my bachelors of business management in human resources from university of phoenix. As a Deposit Risk Operations Fraud Manager, I worked from June 2001 to June 2004. And my major duty is Perform complex research and quick shot analysis on suspected fraud accounts. Managed a team of 12 fraud analysts in the daily process and review of suspicious account activity and new account fraud. Provide job training, facilitated team meetings, and participate in associate development and reviews. Avert over one million dollars in potential loss to the bank. Recruit and conduct interviews for open analyst positions. Cross train new employees on fraud database systems. Create, monitor, and process database and paper files using MS Access and Excel. Maintain statistics and prepare month end reports. Provide support for special projects analysis and presentations. Restrict customer accounts for Customer Identification Policy compliance. Place foreign currency orders and balancing general ledger accounts to ensure accuracy of currency received and disbursed. Monitor work flow and staffing needs to ensure service levels and deadlines were met. Daily assignment of job duties, create and maintained department work schedules I'm proficient at sharepoint, strong analytical skills, and publisher.]
25780596, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from kutztown university. As a Office Supervisor / Bookseller, I worked from April 2001 to April 2002. And my major duty is supervise all cash operations of the store prepare cash registers for daily operation reconcile sales reports with cash totals prepare daily bank deposits monitor and prepare staff time card submissions anticipate and meet customers' needs and provide professional, helpful service be familiar with inventory, store layout, and procedures to anticipate and provide superior customer service in all areas of the store. I'm proficient at processors, insurance, and direction.]
34185495, [I got my b   a     economics and latin american studies        yale university   new haven   city   state   us yale university   new haven   ct   b   a   double major   economics and latin american studies in economics and latin american studies from yale university. As a Summer Analyst 2005 / Analyst, I worked from January 2006 to January 2007. And my major duty is Advised Technology, Media and Telecom clients on a wide range of potential transactions, including: mergers, acquisitions, private equity investments, leveraged buyouts, and capital raising. Created dynamic financial models including standalone financing and operating models, leveraged buyouts, DCF and multiple-based valuations, investment return analysis, merger, and credit models. Involved in all aspects of deal generation and implementation, including coordination of business development, execution of financial and strategic analysis, and delivery of solutions in partnership with product groups. Executed as lead underwriter, advisor or placement agent over $4.3 bn in corporate transactions Representative Transactions: ◦ Joint Lead Arranger to target company / General Atlantic acquisition of Network Solutions for $800 mm (M&A) ◦ Sole Financial Advisor to target company / Comcast acquisition of Fandango for $200 mm (M&A) ◦ Sole Bookrunner / Churchill Ventures (CHV) IPO totaling $108 mm (Corporate Equity) ◦ Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner / Intelsat Senior Unsecured Term Loan of $1.0 bn (Corporate Debt) I'm proficient at finance, corporate transactions, and closing.]
35483925, [I got my masterof business administration in marketing from symbiosis international university. As a Health Advisory Manager, I worked from 05/2006 to 12/2009. And my major duty is Receive Service Request(SR) from the HealthCare clients (Customers).. Analyze and study the SR thoroughly to ensure Compliance as per HIPAA and HCPC Provide customer support and assist internally to process Claims and Requests by inter-departmental collaboration.. Analyzing customers' financial accounts and provide statistical reports to optimize their revenue generation and management.. Generate financial customized reports using SQL and EXCEL for customers.. Trained customers on Product policies related to the Health and Accidental Coverages.. Managed cross functional team within the Organization to increase focus on new customers.. Managed customer centric operations pre and post implementation.. Assist Back office function related with regard to patient Scheduling/Verification.. Monitored Clients data validation in accordance with the given code of conduct. I'm proficient at enterprise, book, and benefits.]
19374660, [I got my high school in high school from iowa park high school. As a Janitor/Clerk, I worked from 11/1996 to 02/2001. And my major duty is Employee of the month September 1997.. Recovered and organized all clothing records.. Supervised housekeeping and kept track inventory supplies for individual rooms. I'm proficient at daxko operations, as, and customer service oriented.]
34758680, [I got my masters   business administration in business administration st   mary   s college of california business administration      b   s   management science from st   mary   s college of california. As a Intern, And my major duty is Researched potential lease sites and comparables for corporate clients.. Assisted in broker presentations and maintained client relations. I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and negotiation.]
21297521, [I got my m   b   a in engineering from massachusetts institute of technology. As a Senior Director, I worked from 01/2011 to 05/2013. I worked from 07/2010 to 12/2010. And my major duty is Headed the Solution Architecture and Project Management Office responsible for designing and delivering marquee consumer facing digital streaming on Web, iOS, Android, ROKU, XBOX and other platforms.. My Responsibilities included:.. Architectural SME for pre-sales and business development executives on key accounts such as Target, STARZ, Barnes & Noble, Dish Network, etc.. Product Strategy and roadmaps for critical components of the Video Streaming platform including devices, Catalog, Apple/Google/Microsoft DRM and Digital lockers.. Project management, scope management, problem resolution, delivery and launch of the client-company's products to its customers.. Relationship management with internal and external strategic partners Key Contributions.. Helped win a $9 million-dollar account with Barnes & Noble based on establishing trust and relationship with the head of Nook device development by answering and proposing solutions to tough technical problems.. Even wrote Java code for video playback of DRM content such as Movies & TV Shows on Nook's highly customized Android platform.. A unique Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) based shared-responsibility security model to authenticate and authorize issuing of DRM keys for video playback of encrypted content, which garnered interest from Charter Communications.. Recognized and promoted to Senior Director within 6 months of joining the company Other past experience includes.. Media & Entertainment: Turning around a troubled project and relationships to complete and launch Disney's EST video streaming platform-Disney Movies Anywhere, As a gesture of recognition, I was presented with a framed plaque by Disney employees.. Regulated Payment Processing: Managing a team of Business Analysts, Architects & Web Developers at Green Dot (Mar 2010-July2010) to build multiple consumer facing web sites, including Walmart MoneyCard.I worked from 10/2009 to 02/2010. And my major duty is for processing 12-million home-loans every day for Federal HARP compliance requirements.. Regulated Finance & Lending: First Vice President at Countrywide managing a team of 15 onshore and offshore Architects, Developers, and QA to deliver a $1.7 million lead management project with an ROI of $29.3 million.. Regulated Finance & Lending: Technical Lead and Development Manager at IndyMac for automated underwriting and pricing systems.. As a member of a team, built the first such web ecommerce solution in the US mortgage market.. Proposed, brought consensus by demonstrating a POC, and built a C++ engine improving performance by 75%  Detailed Technical Skills Cloud: Amazon EC2, RDS and other IaaS, Elastic Beanstalk (PaaS), Lambdas (Serverless), API gateway, Alexa, Fargate etc.. Similar & corresponding experience on Microsoft's Azure, Heroku and Cloud foundry including containers such as Docker and Rkt, orchestration with Docker Swarm & Kubernetes, Envoy, etc.. Keen interest in Cloud Native Computing Foundation's (CNCF) OCI standardization Software Engineering and Delivery: Scrum, Kanban and eXtreme Programming, Waterfall in a highly regulated environment.. DevOps using Agile methodologies, Git based development workflows, continuous delivery (CD) using Jenkins, Artifactory & Nexus.. Automated unit testing and end-to-end (e2e) testing, code quality, code coverage, test coverage, and other metrics using SonarQube.. DevSecOps by incorporating Veracode, Snyk, etc.. Canary releases, A/B testing, and feature-activated coding methods.. Operations and disaster recovery with defined RTO & RPO Technology Platforms: Linux, Windows, Java, .NET, C, C++, C#, NodeJS, JavaScript/ES6, Typescript, Databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Postgres, SQLite, Realm, Swift & Objective-C for iOS applications.. Experience with Social Analytics (close-knit Networks & Decision Trees) and some experience on supervised learning, Architecture & Design patterns and anti-patterns. I'm proficient at finance, php, and networks.]
23323001, [I got my diploma   health   human development   frontline management      ms project task management      march      nz certificate in frontline management facilitating adult learning   training papers presenting with impact treaty of waitangi social policy papers client centred practice skills for life first aid course privacy   official information act group facilitation facilitation   advanced training introduction to small business management marketing   selling   business planning book   keeping   records   taxation finance marketing   presentation   legal aspects computer skills   selling   presentation skills supervision workshop diploma in health   human development in social psychology from nz. As a LINZ - Customer service, WINZ Call Centre, Wine & Food, I worked from 01/1989 to 01/1996. And my major duty is From 1989 to 1996 I worked in a different number of positions to fit my lifestyle as I was raising a young family. This included Ministry of Justice-payroll, Superannuation Services, Westpac- support service, National Bank-updating customers information project work, LINZ - Customer service, WINZ Call Centre, Wine & Food tasting, Volunteer Community Work - Women's Refuge Crisis Line and Victim Support. I'm proficient at finance, video conference, and training.]
25080805, [I got my master of science in statistics from university of missouri. As a internship, I worked from November 2012 to March 2013. And my major duty is Main tasks about the job:. 1.data collection and entering: collect financial data and classify them into the correct table and items.. 2.Write summary report: use statistical methods to analyze data with R and write the performance evaluation report based on quantitative facts.. 3.Customer service: answer the phone call and solve customers' problems and do the reception job at the front table.. 4.Meeting preparation: prepare documents need in the meeting, make sure all the participants can come, prepare PowerPoint slides and arrange the meeting room.. 5.Introduce production to customers: introduce financial products which the most suitable to the client and persuade them to buy. ]
27606527, [I got my bs   computer information systems in computer information systems from golden gate university. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from Jan 1995 to Jan 1997. And my major duty is Work Environment: Retail Banking Center, Windows based, general public interaction.. Processed deposits for various accounts.. Cashed checks, sold cashier's checks, traveler's checks, and savings bonds.. Balanced daily.. Sold checking, savings, time deposit and other bank products. I'm proficient at user training, test director, and agile.]
33872500, [I got my master of science   accounting and financial management in accounting and financial management december      university college   university of maryland accounting and financial management bachelor of science   business information systems from university of maryland. As a Department Administrator/Dental Assistant, I worked from Apr 2003 to Apr 2007. And my major duty is Served as part of dental assisting team for residents in the prosthodontics and general dentistry program.. Handled range of administrative duties for department.. As department administrator, maintained records, filed reports, and updated operating instructions to ensure compliance with proper procedures.. Analyzed and reported productivity maximize provider credits and estimate fiscal year budget.. Standardized dental treatment rooms, establishing common scheme that improved efficiency and effectiveness of dental assistants as they moved to assist in different rooms.. Known for ability to get things done, trained new employees in chair side and administrative duties. I'm proficient at accounts payable accounts receivable, general ledger accounting, and account analysis reconciliation.]
18172739, [I got my master of business administration in project management keller school of management current project management bachelor of business administration   business information system from devry university. As a Commercial Custom Analyst, I worked from January 2000 to January 2001. And my major duty is Handled accounts of major clients in excess of $1MM or million.. Process loan payments/advances and any needed research or maintenance to loans.. Provide informative Cash Management Information. I'm proficient at leadership, space planning, and processes.]
32980197, [I got my bachelor of science in bachelor of science from montclair state university. As a Bank Teller, And my major duty is Accept cash and checks for deposit and check accuracy of deposit slip.. Process cash withdrawals.. Perform specialized tasks such as preparing cashier's checks, personal money orders, issuing traveler's  checks and exchanging foreign currency.. Perform services for customers such as ordering bank cards and checks.. Receive and verify loan payments, mortgage payments and credit card payments.. Record all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures.. Balance currency, cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift.. Answer inquiries regarding checking and savings accounts and other bank related products.. Attempt to resolve issues and problems with customer's accounts.. Initiate and open new accounts.. Explain, advise on and promote bank products and services to customers.. Cross-sell banking services and products to customers. I'm proficient at management consultant, direction, and staffing.]
11672279, [I got my b   s   finance in finance from university of maryland   city. As a Project Analyst, And my major duty is Developed Business Process Models and Operating Models for the future integrated state of JPMorgan's US Securities Platform Coordinated a dynamic UAT testing plan that manages the execution of thousands of UAT test scripts from the various core operations groups while effectively tracking project benchmarks, milestones, and critical issues Performed gap analysis between heritage JPM and heritage Bear Stearns procedures to eliminate potential gaps in operational procedure reducing the risk of negative client impact post conversion Managed the "Air Traffic Control" function for various conversion & integration efforts within the JPMC Fixed Income & Listed Options business Created forecast models and project plans for various Fixed Income Listed Options departmental initiative. I'm proficient at cash flow, risk analysis, and sales.]
33135102, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration finance management information systems from university of north carolina at pembroke. As a Student Services Specialist/Financial Aid Counselor, I worked from January 2010 to January 2012. And my major duty is Counsels prospective and enrolled students, parents and community members on all aspects of  financial aid.. Reconciles differences that arise between what was awarded and what the student is eligible to receive for state and federal student aid.. Communicates and works with employees to gain understanding of a commitment to set work standards, processes, and procedures.. Develops and maintains effective working relationships with client/customer in order to initiate, facilitate, and complete work in assigned student service program area.. Performs research, data collection, and analysis of information, and report writing.. Utilizes,  reconciles, and manipulates data from different internal and external software systems.. Selected Accomplishments Achieved Financial Aid Employee of the Quarter for 3rd Quarter of 2010 for superior performance.I worked from January 2007 to January 2010. And my major duty is Special Assets Adjuster 1 Minimizes delinquency rates on retail loans through successful negotiations and problem resolution with clients.. Improves processes in management of delinquent loans-through thorough analysis-preventing foreclosures, charge-offs, and repossessions.. Updates management and branch lenders with regular reports on project progress and outcomes.. Ensures accurate, up-to-date processing and documentation after review of loan services files.. Selected Accomplishments Contributed to a drop in delinquency from 9.98% to just 3.12% in 1 year through personal achievement and productivity-enhancing suggestions, such as starting with past-60-day notices first.. Doubled monthly collections goal, exceeding $105,000 in December 2008.. Selected to join a workflow analysis team, documenting critical data surrounding daily activity. I'm proficient at processes, retail, and improves processes.]
20850529, [I got my high school diploma in general studies   psychology   business from st   johns river state college. As a Relationship Banker II, I worked from Jan 2004 to Jan 2006. And my major duty is Conceptualized and launched " Full service neighborhood bank marketing campaign, which led to a 70% increase in sales. .Customer service both internal and external, compliance,. HR Sales & Marketing Training, SQL, Valuing Diversity Training, conflict resolution, team building Mentoring Training, best practices. Received several of the highest awards for "Top Performer" and letters of recognition and recommendation. .Promoted from Relationship Banker I to Relationship Banker II, as   well as one of 5 regional bankers in my position assigned to train and mentor new employees at 12 months of employment.. Was also given a written offer to become regional Merchant Service Representative, as I personally was considered responsible for creating the need for the position, This was offered to me after about 14 months which at the time was unprecedented.. Initialized a grass root marketing campaign to promote brand recognition, as well as gather more household relationships (i,e, loans, deposits) with no marketing budget with immense success,. Prepared correspondence, accounting and financial documents for analysis.. . I'm proficient at documentation project development, data entry, and sales.]
34783330, [I got my bachelor of science in finance from university of maryland university college city. As a Administrator -AP/AR Specialist, I worked from 04/2008 to now.And my major duty is Executed financial due diligence and created a valuation model to establish enterprise value and purchase price.Developed solid estate and tax code knowledge base through continued research and training.Achieved proper compliance and accurate executive level reporting.e companies Performed both Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable functions Utilized MAS 90, 200, Peachtree accounting, and MS Office software programs Provide weekly and monthly projections of Accounts Receivable to the accounting       manager Preformed advertising to promote a business, product, and service Managed the reconciliation of the company POS system and coordinate a daily deposit Performed monthly inventory adjustment report and gross profit report Responsible for Monthly, Quarterly and Yearly tax preparations and filings Extensive verbal & written communication with all the medical agencies including Medicaid & Medicare Functions including composing, signing and releasing routine but somewhat complex correspondence Effectively followed up to resolve problems in timely manner Card Accounting and E-Commerce.I worked from 11/2001 to now.And my major duty is Achieved proper compliance and accurate executive level reporting.Created release and project plans and established stakeholder expectations.sion accountants to ensure validity and accuracy of data.. Prepared Bank reconciliation daily Worked with the internal online cash load which was imported every morning for all Bankof America ATMs in the United States Responsible for remotely located Bank of America ATMs in different parts of U.S.. for accurate settlement Supervised and audited vendors for the entire cash load that was done by third party security companies Skilled at negotiating and investigating ATM settlement discrepancy Prepared advanced and confidential correspondence Managed online banking functions Maintained existing automated reference files used to process financial data through the accounting system Updated, maintained, and reported Charts of Account and Vendor list. I'm proficient at insurance, closing, and written communicationaccounts payable.]
33370664, [I got my bachelors of arts   psychology in psychology from west virginia state university. As a Senior Teller/Relationship Banker, I worked from 05/2006 to 10/2011. And my major duty is Responsible for a variety of duties aimed at providing client services such as receiving, paying out, and keeping an accurate record of all monies involved in paying and receiving transactions.. Performing more complex transactions such as: coupon collection, issuing official checks, large commercial deposits, close out transactions, cash advances Client Service in a team environment Cash handling experiencing involving large sums of money for Automated Teller Machines, as well as balancing and reconciling ATM Daily reconcilements of cash drawers Proactively initiate, develop, and manage long-term, profitable relationships.. Manage existing client relationships to identify future needs and consultatively address them.. Profile prospects and clients to identify additional financial needs and refer to appropriate financial partners.. Deliver superior quality service in person or by phone such that client needs are met on a consistent, positive basis.. Serve as primary contact for new account openings and cross sale of other products and services to clients and prospects.. Support team sales process by acting upon or referring identified client needs to other lines of business, including but not limited to, retail loan, mortgage, investments, private banking, insurance, small business, merchant services, and other areas.. Participate in team sales efforts such as team call nights, sales meetings, and debrief.. Employ BB&T supported sales techniques and processes whenever possible to better serve the client and branch team.. Serve as contact for client problem resolution and perform maintenance for current clients as dictated by the needs of the office.. Serve as contact in responding to client and non-client service inquiries as dictated by the needs of the office.. Support team service process by participating in team service efforts such as service meetings. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, parent child conflict specialist, and insurance.]
17823436, [I got my bachelor of engineering in information technology from university of mumbai integrated trading and manufacturing. As a Software Implementation Engineer, I worked from Dec 2008 to Jul 2011. I worked from Dec 2008 to Jun 2011. And my major duty is Base E12 WSFA is a web based sales force automation solution to automate and make the sales process more effective and productive.. It captures Sales Person's Day-to-day activities and generates useful reports for top management and sales department.. Customized Solution for	-	Novartis India Ltd.. Franco Indian pharmaceuticals 2.. Project name	: Customer Relationship Management (Web Based J2EE) CRM application is used for sale order booking ,tracking , delivery for company's products.. It includes SMS based sales tracking.. Customized Solution for	-	Novartis India Ltd.	 3.. Project name	: Workflow Applications (Web Based J2EE) Workflow applications include solutions for company's internal use like Cash voucher approvals, Capital Expenditure approval process.. This applications master data is based on SAP masters and transactions.. So, we built up a Data bridge between our database and SAP database to synchronize the data.. Customized Solution for	-	Alkem Labs Roles and responsibilities for all above projects : To communicate directly with the client and gather details of requirement.. Documentation (URS,SRS).. Designing screen layouts Interact with development team, QC team for effective solution.. Impact analysis, Gap Analysis documentation.. Test cases review.. Application implementation on site.. Pilot Run and User Acceptance testing.. Application training, Go Live, Project sign-off.. Work with end-users to define and execute test scenarios and ensure appropriate end user training.. Technical Responsibilities: Provide detailed system requirement to client(Hardware/Software).. Production Server Setup (Windows 2003 Server / RedHat Linux 2.5).. Database setup (Oracle 10g R2.. IBM DB2,MS SQL 2005).. Standard database restore, Master Data preparation.. Application server installation and configuration(Jboss 5.1.0.GA & Tomcat6).. Software deployments(ear,war etc.).. Maintaining Versions and Deliverable. I'm proficient at bi, user training, and pdf.]
15553584, [I got my master of business administration in economics from college of business administration and economics. As a Officer, And my major duty is Industrial and Commercial Bank of Vietnam (http://www.icb.com.vn)  Translated banking documents in English to Vietnamese.. Acted as an interpreter when needed.. Developed and maintained the correspondent banking relationship with Russian banks.. Kept track of loans borrowed from foreign banks.. Worked on the Returnee project between Vietnam and the German Reconstruction Bank.. Did other administrative and clerical work.And my major duty is Certificate of Liaison Officer by the Ministry of Trade, Vietnam (http://www.mot.gov.vn) Group Prize) in the National Students' Scientific Research Competition organized by the Ministry of Education and Training (http://www.moet.edu.vn).. Innovative Medal for the Youth.. 2 Page  of 2. I'm proficient at strategic management, and professional paper and presentation microsoft word, and microsoft excelmicrosoft powerpointmicrosoft projectmicrosoft accessmicrosoft outlook express.]
39569771, [I got my b   s   finance in finance from rutgers university. As a Financial Analyst, I worked from February 2004 to January 2006. And my major duty is Managed more than 100 corporate trust portfolios with a combined market value in excess of $15B and consisted of an eclectic variety of financial instruments. Effectively administered and reported daily large trust funds for Morgan Stanley, Exxon Mobil Corporation, and Harvard and consistently received high satisfaction from clients and upper management. Increased productivity and manageability for 700 collateral accounts through reorganization and restructure. Coordinated, reviewed, and reconciled 30 high-profile cash collateral accounts and delivered before deadline. Diligently reviewed assigned accounts  for compliance with all reporting requirements.. Recommended innovative alternatives to generate revenue and reduce unnecessary costs. Achieved revenue growth for our department by taking on 10 additional reinsurance collateral accounts ]
11842348, [I got my economics in economics from babson college executive education. As a Department Head, Men's Wear, I worked from January 1997 to January 1999. And my major duty is * Managed a sales staff of 15 and established a follow-up program for the sales team * Expanded Dockers Men's Wear business from $2 mil to $3 mil while maintaining gross margin in excess of 50% * Analyze needs, submit recommendations and implement cost-effective programs encompassing market research, sale support materials and customer services I'm proficient at leads, closing, and closing sales.]
36905896, [I got my associate of arts in criminal justice sociology from wright state university. As a Customer Service Specialist, I worked from 10/2004 to 02/2010. And my major duty is Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately.. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.. Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.. Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.. Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.. Sell tickets and other items to customers.. Process merchandise returns and exchanges.. Cash checks for customers. I'm proficient at processes, reading, and benefits.]
13173522, [I got my bachelor of arts in business administration from salem college. As a Business Development Representative, Assistant Vice President, I worked from 07/2005 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Recruited into BB&T's award winning and nationally recognized Leadership Development Program.. Graduated and became a Business Development Representative responsible for increasing awareness of BB&T's Payroll Services Division and growing revenues within a geographical defined territory to include the staff of 42 branches.. Opened a completely unworked market, surpassing sales goals in spite of no market share and two payroll software releases within a 2 years period.. Grew fee based revenue annually of $160,000 per year in the Business Development role.. Coordinated and conducted product knowledge meetings throughout region so that bankers are more effective at identifying clients and making appropriate recommendations Developed education tools, marketing supplies, and presentation materials to effectively illustrate, communicate, and sell the concepts regarding payroll task and outsourcing Acted as a liaison between BB&T Payroll Services Corporate Office and BB&T's Mid-South & North Florida Banking Networks communicating company updates, changes with product & service offerings, region trends, and successes. I'm proficient at leadership, networks, and mac os.]
25624652, [I got my masters of business administration   human resource management in human resource management from colorado technical university. As a Teller, I worked from November 2004 to February 2006. And my major duty is Made referrals for potential sales. Advised customers on new products. Cashed checks. Handled deposits ]
11262933, [I got my associates in applied science   criminal justice from dekalb technical institute. As a Lead Sorter Operator, I worked from January 1997 to January 2007. And my major duty is Check Processing) Managed a team of experts that executed all aspects of system hardware installs and repairs regarding check 21 Sorter Operations.. Resulting in 40% increase to Bank of America and its clients and a quick turnaround on all Service Level Agreements.. Acted as subject matter expert relative to designing, documenting, implementing, monitoring and identifying qualitative improvement opportunities in Bank of America.. Resulting a 100% enhanced process improvements and cost savings.. Established and maintained regular management routines to identify and communicate system production issues to include resolution or escalation to reduce customer impacts.. Effectively influences internal clients to prioritize and resolve outstanding system issues.. Interviewed potential associate applying knowledge of laws, policies and regulation. I'm proficient at data entry, general ledger, and balance.]
10909673, [I got my bcis degree in bcis from north central texas. As a Business System Analyst, Associate Vice President, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Researched technology business solutions to increase efficiency and revenues.. Liaison between business partners and technology teams for commercial business lending, small business finance, public finance and manufactured home finance customers.. Reported and communicated status with senior management.. Managed a conversion project from DOS based TCL to Windows TCL for commercial lending customer.. Created and/or modified numerous Crystal Reports for commercial lending customer improving efficiency.. Provided support and maintenance for Saratoga, TCL, PCFS 2000, T Soft, Laser Pro Lending, and Micro Soft desktop programs.. Managed and organized moves for business partners.. Analyzed and resolved target problems with effective solutions. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and streamline.]
98348532, [I got my bachelor of technology   computer and science engineering in computer and science engineering from jntu. As a Software Engineer, I worked from Jan 2009 to Mar 2012. And my major duty is Project Description :. Data Warehousing Services. Description: Data Warehousing Services (DWS) manages the platform infrastructure hosting data from the Group's operational systems providing the capability for users or operational systems to query and extract this information as required. DWS manages the whole end to end change and service lifecycle including build, schedule and infrastructure support, service desk, risk and compliance and service and finance management. The goals of the Warehouse are to: ­ Provide a single version of the truth ­ Empower users to find out new information about their business for themselves ­ Provide an integrated database model with common definitions regardless of the source of the data. Data from various source systems is fed into the EDW (Enterprise Data Warehouse).. Responsibilities:. Actively involved in enhancing the Data Warehousing Application wherein all small, Teradata,. Prepared high level design document for developers and participated in review / build of the BTEQ, Scripts, Fast loads, Multi load and JCLs, Prepared/Reviewed Unit Test Plans & System Test cases. Worked closely with Business Users and analysts.. Worked on BTEQ, Fast load, and Fast export for loading data from Oracle to Teradata.. Responsible for overseeing the Quality procedures related to the project. Involved in code reviews and strictly followed best practices.. Design, develop, and test complex Teradata BTEQ Scripts. Involved in complete software development life­cycle(SDLC) Performed unit testing on the source code.. Used to interact with testing team to ensure appropriate testing is performed and with Configuration team for code deployments and with technical writers to ensure manuals are in Synch with the developed software Environment: Teradata, Main Frame, BTEQ, Fast Load, Fast Export. I'm proficient at data warehouse knowledge, data mart development, and technical design.]
19176318, [I got my bs   accounting in accounting from university of paris dauphine   city. As a Divisional Financial Manager, And my major duty is Manage the Central Division month end accounting closing process and work closely with regional accounting managers to streamline the closing process.. Review locations P&L transactions for accuracy and completeness and prepare any correcting journal entries as required.* Prepare analysis and write up journal entries for two companywide programs (the uniform leasing program and the sign program).. Calculate monthly commissions for Directors of Business Development.. Monitor and redirect the allocations of employees' salaries to terminated locations.. Manage the evaluation, due diligence and integration processes for potential acquisitions.. Partner with Corporate accounting to draft 10Q, 10K and similar SEC filings (Form 4, form 5 etc) while supporting GAAP research and SEC reporting; help coordinate activities associated with the D&T audit Manage the preparation of the Central Division annual budget in compliance with the company's format and schedules from information obtained from all regions.* Consolidate information and ensure quality and consistency of data as well as explaining key variances.. Manage the preparation of the Central Division quarterly forecast; performed same process as with the annual budget.. Assist in performance management process, this entails monitoring and reporting of monthly actual results as compared to budget, forecast, and previous year; explained key variances in presentation format.. Serve as the primary support resource for the division with respect to the budget/reforecast application (SRC).. Provides ad hoc analytical support to all groups Senior Vice Presidents, COO and CFO.. Prepare financial scorecard variance comments for steering committee and quarterly review meetings.. Review the accuracy and completion of pro forma, return on investments (ROI), and memorandum of awareness (MOA) for new locations, existing location renewals, capital investments and acquisitions.. Assists with evaluation, reporting and control of Capital Expenditure projects Coordinate and input the selection of locations for the quarterly Control Self Assessment program (Audit) within the Division.. Assist in the preparation of the annual information package for the Board of Directors.. Supervise and review the work of nine divisional Accountants and Financial Analysts.. Report to CFO (Chief Financial Officer). I'm proficient at citrix, finance, and as.]
17818707, [I got my bachelor of business and management in bachelor of business and management from bachelor of business and management. As a Duties, And my major duty is Implementing new operational processes and procedures.. Establishing and maintaining Roles and Responsibilities for personnel under your management.. Delivering regular team communications and organizing monthly meetings.. Controlling all associated operational costs according to the prevailing annual budget forecast.. Supporting the planning, development and overall management of project budgets, in collaboration with relevant senior field managers and HQ staff.. Seeking ways of adding value to existing work areas.. Working closely to build and maintain close working relationship with clients.. Maximizing accuracy, productivity and space utilization.. Assisting in the recruitment, training and development of staff.. Solving disputes and complaints in a professional manner and within guidelines.. Developed new marketing strategies to capture market channels with new clients.. Brought new processes to firm for its growth, using various marketing strategies and communication skills in order to brand the firm in the market and attract new clients.. Developed strategies and business for the firm by building corporate relationships with customers and the industry/market leaders.. Utilized sales and marketing tools to create brand awareness in the market.. Introduced improvements in business strategies based on customer feedback.. Expanded business along with the respective market share for the firm.. Played key role in company initiatives for developing new projects for future use. I'm proficient at negotiation, processes, and balance.]
17213671, [I got my bachelor of arts in english literature from roanoke college. As a Manager, I worked from 04/2004 to 10/2010. And my major duty is Supervised and trained employees, answered phones, accepted reservations and took payments; was in charge of general care and cleanliness of facility. I'm proficient at presenting, publisher, and balance.]
31025785, [I got my b   a   economics in economics from stern school of business. As a Consultant, And my major duty is Boutique real estate office, specializing in advisory and brokerage Founded the company as a sole proprietor upon graduating college Conducted feasibility studies and due diligence to advise developers in emerging submarkets Collaborated with CEO of Australian company Mii-Homes on establishing a new factory Secured suitable homes and office space for several multinational companies and consulates Appointed as the primary real estate consultants for Korean Trade center Hired with exclusivity to sell residential properties worth over $22M USD Family Office, Asset Manager; Chennai, India Core Real Estate Portfolio consisting of Office, Multi- Family and Single Family assets worth $70M Determined pricing and strategy based on market conditions and required returns Provided operations reports to principals on a quarterly basis Negotiated management contracts with property managers Successfully negotiated the renewal of a high profile lease with the German Consulate. I'm proficient at finance, korean, and languages.]
60489316, [I got my bachelor of science in computer science in software engineering from university of malaya   state   malaysia. As a System Analyst, And my major duty is Responsible for developing and application design of new projects and maintenance of Core Banking system running on the mainframe system.. Specialized in Core Payment Systems – SWIFT, RENTAS, Interbank GIRO, and Inward and Outward Cheque Clearing. Implemented new major projects include Foreign Bills Collection / Mobile Banking. Team lead for new Auto Payments System project. Worked on projects and service modification for both online and batch applications. Tasks involved were analysis, research, estimation, coding, testing and documentation with strict adherence to system standards.. Part of the New Core Banking Replacement project team. Constantly evaluates different vendors system and functionality. Knowledgeable in new technologies i.e. SOA, integration of multiplatform systems, best practices in banking systems. Involved in gathering requirements and evaluation in RFI and RFP process of New Core Banking replacement project involving proposal from i-Flex / Infosys / TATA / Temenos and Silverlake.. Worked closely with user departments, troubleshooting problems and designing new or improved applications and initiated problem determination analysis model to identify problems and provide solutions on Core system.. Constantly reviewed users specifications, analyzed and responded to their business requirements by preparing solutions. Constantly performing study and research and providing innovative ideas and new technology advances to improve payment systems in area of flexibility, scalability and connectivity, process flow of systems and for system and application tuning. My knowledge and experience of various IBM and CA tools and MVS Utilities-DFSORT/ICETOOL, DFSMS) allowed me to be a major contributor toward the success of Maybank IT initiatives to improve time to market for new product implementation.. Organized and coordinate trainings for Maybank Technical staffs and managed focus groups to perform study and research core banking applications. Staff productivity, exposure and learning have been improved. I'm proficient at programming languages cobol, bpm, and soa.]
60182829, [I got my mba in finance   insurance from fairleigh dickinson university. As a Owner,  I'm proficient at electronic health records, leadership, and enterprise.]
21796843, [I got my m   s     counseling in higher education administration from university of nebraska. As a Education Specialist, I worked from January 1996 to January 1999. And my major duty is Partnered with teaching and support staff to provide proactive programs focused on developing academic and social skills for college students with diverse backgrounds. Served as an adjunct instructor in Foreign Languages and First Year Seminar. Directed Summer Scholars Program, Early Monitoring Program and WideningOurWorld Technology Program. Responsible for training and managing a team of students during the University's Orientation Programs. Leadership Positions as Advisor for Latin American Students, founding member of first Latina Sorority on campus and Chancellor's Commission for the Status of Women. I'm proficient at accountability for, instructor, and training.]
65864767, [I got my bs in chemistry business and accounting from eastern illinois. As a AVP- Business Banking, And my major duty is Sold clients personal deposit accounts, credit cards, home equities, mutual funds, life insurance, fixed annuities, consumer loans.. Implemented new needs-based cross-selling techniques and retention s. tr. a. te. gies to significantly grow sales results across our retail team.. Led Chase Bank by achieving the prominent recognition of being one of the top 350 consumer loan producing bankers in the nation.. Trained, coached, implemented, and initiated incentives which helped grow the mortgage production level from <$8mm r.="" to="" over="">. Worked alongside area and regional managers in the development and implementation of incentive models that assimilate mortgage and retail bankers to one another.. Built and executed new customer service initiatives which helped us achieve a 350 top. in the country for client retention among mortgage officers.. v. Sold and underwrote Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA and RHA mortgage loans.. v. Built recommendations and provided small businesses with cash flow modeling and treasury solutions.. v. Created new communication paths across division lines which integrated retail, mortgage, and small business.. This was the first time this had been done in our division.. Its successful effort brought much needed trust between banking segments, created deeper client relationships, and aligned corporate goals.. v. Managed an annual $260k+, net revenue producing portfolio- approximately $22MM in size.. v. Underwrote and funded many small business loans.. v. Aggressively prospected and fostered new business relationships.. Focus was on small businesses from $250k sole proprietors to $20MM C-corporations.And my major duty is AVP, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.. 2.35T asset bank) Aggressively prospected and fostered new business relationships.. Focus was on small businesses from $250k sole proprietors to $20MM C-corporations.. Underwrote and funded many small business loans.. Managed an annual $260k+, net revenue producing portfolio- approximately $22MM in size.. Created new communication paths across division lines which integrated retail, mortgage, and small business.. This was the first time this had been done in our division.. Its successful effort brought much needed trust between banking segments, created deeper client relationships, and aligned corporate goals.. Built recommendations and provided small businesses with cash flow modeling and treasury solutions.. Sold and underwrote Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA and RHA mortgage loans.. Built and executed new customer service initiatives which helped us achieve a #12 ranking in the country for client retention among mortgage officers.. Worked alongside area and regional managers in the development and implementation of incentive models that assimilate mortgage and retail bankers to one another.. Trained, coached, implemented, and initiated incentives which helped grow the mortgage production level from <$8mm>. to over $22MM+/yr.. Led Chase Bank by achieving the prominent recognition of being one of the top 350 consumer loan producing bankers in the nation.. Implemented new needs-based cross-selling techniques and retention strategies to significantly grow sales results across our retail team.. Sold clients personal deposit accounts, credit cards, home equities, mutual funds, life insurance, fixed annuities, consumer loans. I'm proficient at cash flow, insurance, and selling.]
11773925, [I got my master of science in botany from kirori mal college. As a Assistant Sales Manager, I worked from 09/2004 to 03/2005. And my major duty is Sourcing of High Value Home Loans from Corporate Clients by direct outside sales.. Organizing sales Campaigns in different areas of Delhi & NCR, INDIA.. Creating new client base for the products through aggressive marketing.. Coordinating with leasing agents for business generation. I'm proficient at negotiation, business operations, and relationship management.]
26673507, [I got my masters business administration in business administration   finance from central connecticut state university. As a Business and Consumer Banking Specialist, I worked from 01/2002 to 01/2004. And my major duty is 2003 Annual Star of Excellence.. Achieved great success in sales and customer service.. Advised and suggested financial and credit solutions.. Reviewed and gathered client financial and credit information.. Regularly visit business customers to better understand banking needs and maximize results.. Effectively partnered with other lines of business bankers to deliver full range of products.. Organized and managed special events and promotions.. Proactively partnered with external partners to attain new business leads. I'm proficient at wells fargo systems, outlook share point, and excel.]
72876163, [I got my master of science   information management in psychology   sociology from w   p   carey school of business of arizona state university. As a Software Licensing Coordinator, And my major duty is Client facing manager responsible for all aspects of department.. Managed department budget; Responsible for personnel and department operation.. Handled monthly billing.. Performed software audits (Software asset management).. Responsible for license and application management.. Oversee sale of software to students, staff and business units.. Escalate desktop management issues to vendor and ensure prompt resolution.. Create standard operating procedure for handling software related issues (change management).. Manage vendor-university technology relationships.. Worked on implementation of online university software management system. I'm proficient at esx server administration, legal apps filesite w outlook integration pdfdocs suite carpe diem toa software, and supervision skills.]
18824120, [I got my master of business administration   financial analysis and investments in economics from sri venkateswara college   university of delhi. As a Deputy Manager, And my major duty is Enhanced portfolio value from USD 0.65 million to USD 1.05 million by acquiring new clients in the region.. Boosted portfolio growth by 18% by analysing high net worth client portfolios, and advising tailed investment solutions.. Exceeded bank's budgeted portfolio growth expectations by 34%.. Carried out non-resident operations in the branch and implemented the retail Foreign Exchange (FX) Rated in TOP 40 mortgage sales performers award PAN INDIA within 5 months of joining Axis Bank.. Fast-tracked to the position of Senior Wealth Manager within 15 months of joining HSBC.. Received 'Dynamo' award for outstanding performance and commitment to fairness and integrity (HSBC).. Ranked first among wealth managers in the HSBC Delhi region (Aug '14).. Received 'Outstanding Performer' award.. Ranked first for following Compliance and AML Practices for Operational Excellence in HSBC (2014). I'm proficient at leadership, finance, and portfolio wealth management.]
27884470, [I got my ba   organizational communication in organizational communication from northern virginia community college. As a Director, Enterprise Solutions, I worked from January 2011 to September 2015. And my major duty is Analyze requirements and produce solutions in accordance with best practices in employment and human resource law as it relates to independent consultants, contractors, and temporary labor.. Architect solutions that exceed program objectives through in-depth analysis of business requirements.. Facilitate discovery of business information and processes to uncover potential areas of risk.. Selected to lead the management of program implementation including project initiation, planning, execution and closure.. Develop and manage project schedules and deliverables and report on status and results.. Coordinate activities and meetings internally and with stakeholders to analyze business requirements and solicit feedback.. Conduct detailed workflow and business reviews to monitor project results and control resources.. Audit data and systems to ensure a thorough understanding of processes and internal policies.. Continually evaluate programs to improve process, system, and people efficiencies.. Prepare metrics and recommendations to present at Quarterly Business Reviews. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, consulting, and insurance.]
64589506, [I got my bachelor of arts in finance from babson college. As a Associate, Corporate & Investment Banking, I worked from April 2005 to April 2007. And my major duty is Mastered a very sharp learning curve in SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's Investment Banking and Credit Training Leadership Program.. Successfully cross-sold US$500 million of ancillary products including asset securitization, private placements, FX, interest rate derivatives, Eurobonds, letters of credit and treasury solutions.. Transactional experience: Bacardi, B/E Aerospace, CSX Corp., Duke Energy, FPL, Harris Corp., HEICO, Interline Brands, Jabil Circuit, Lockheed Martin, Ring Power Corp., Ryder, TECO Energy, Vulcan Materials Company (Florida Rock), Walter Energy, and Watsco. I'm proficient at strategic business development, emerging markets, and procurement agent.]
29406313, [I got my bachelor of science in finance banking and financial institutions economics from iowa state university. As a Senior Vice President, I worked from January 1984 to January 2001. And my major duty is Wholesale Lending / Portfolio Retention Managed sales, operations, and underwriting functions.. Accountable for loan volume, loan quality, income and expense management, and overall profitability.. Managed network of 250 mortgage brokers.. Results: Managed sales staff of 15 account representatives in 8 states responsible for developing new clients and servicing existing clients and staff of twenty-seven operations and underwriting specialists.. Exceeded production and profitability goals for the region Created positive staff morale and eliminated employee turnover by redefining staffing needs and requirements. I'm proficient at leadership, risk assessment, and consulting.]
16300459, [I got my master of science   finance in finance from illinois institute of technology city   state   us gpa   recipient   stuart school of business merit   based scholarship coursework in math with financial application   statistical analyze in financial markets   financial modeling   valuation   portfolio management   futures   option   otc derivatives   financial statement analysis bachelor of science   international economics and trade      central south university of forestry and technology. As a District Manager(Part-Time), I worked from 10/2010 to now.And my major duty is Identified prospective customers and performed an average of 20 visits per day. Planned and executed regional sales improvements, updating the company's approach to marketing, presentations and territory establishment. Managed a regional sales staff of 30 members. Accomplished quarterly sales task of nearly 5,000 items, ranking top one in seven districts of the city I'm proficient at powerpoint, office microsoft word, and prezi.]
20992320, [I got my b   s   finance finance in finance finance from carnegie mellon university. As a Financial Advisor, And my major duty is Evaluated the financial plans of current and prospective clients and provided recommendations that would     reasonably ensure they meet their future financial goals     Assembled a team of estate planners, investment specialists and CPAs providing a comprehensive planning     board for clientele.And my major duty is Institutional Equity Sales          Dec 2014 - Present     Utilized strong written and verbal communication skills to distill complex financial topics into salient points     for clientele     Evaluated research reports and valuation models to gain a holistic understanding of the research product     Developed an interactive, online database through R programming to hold 13F and trade data which     eliminated redundancies in the desk's daily processes     Collaborated across multiple segments of the firm including research, syndicate, corporate access and     derivatives personnel     Managed multiple client requests in a fast pace environment by staying organized and keeping detailed     accounts of tasks. I'm proficient at research product, processes, and equity.]
73157997, [I got my bachelor of arts in communication from st   edward   s university. As a Teller/Teller Operations Specialist, I worked from Jan 1999 to Jan 2004. And my major duty is Directly managed seven associates' performance to include sales, compliance, operational excellence, and the customer experience Created tools and resources to ensure associate readiness of new initiatives.. Accountability for cash accuracy and led performance that resulted in 100% zero teller cash differences for two consecutive months.. Managed compliance results and held monthly meetings to ensure all associates understood compliance goals and activities required to support the goals.. Supported in the final closing of banking center. I'm proficient at supervising, retail management, and management.]
28895997, [I got my diploma in diploma hammonton high school from hammonton high school. As a Retail Banking Officer, And my major duty is Oversee Branch operations and manage teller staff to ensure following bank's policies and procedures        Open and service customer accounts in an efficient and professional manner        Provide exceptional customer service to consumer and commercial customers        Identify and refer prospects to business partners        Loan Officer-Applications, Submissions, Customer documentation, Close, Book. I'm proficient at sales, book, and customer service.]
28051330, [I got my associate   liberal art in liberal art from kingsborough college city. As a Store  Manager, I worked from 09/2007 to now.And my major duty is Accomplishes regional sales human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees in assigned districts; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.. Keeping the store clean and organized Ensuring that merchandise is fully stocked Assisting with returns, exchanges, etc.. Performing inventory counts Managing the cash drawer Preparing bank deposits lead a sales force that discovers customers' needs and delivers solutions to build  loyalty,  support team helps maintain customers' trust in Sprint and its products, business team brings the experience to business customers Achieves regional sales operational objectives by contributing regional sales information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends; determining regional sales system improvements; implementing change.. Meets regional sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.. Establishes sales objectives by creating a sales plan and quota for districts in support of national objectives. I'm proficient at presenting, benefits, and customer satisfaction.]
25162378, [I got my bachelor of science in business management marketing from university of colorado city. As a Manager, And my major duty is Selected Accomplishments:.. Served as primary assistant on events for multimillion-dollar accounts and successful tournaments.. Assumed a lead role in pitch team meetings due to strengths in presentation and negotiation skills, and major accounts ($500K to $1M+ initial contracts).. Generated Junior Golf revenue of between 6% and 8%. I'm proficient at finance, negotiation, and imageready.]
99124477, [I got my mba   finance in finance from symbiosis university. As a SYSTEM ENGINEER, I worked from March 2007 to October 2010.  I'm proficient at oltp cics, ibm, and xpeditor.]
17131084, [I got my bachelor of science in economics and psychology from yale university. As a Co-President, I worked from September 2013 to December 2014. And my major duty is Taught 30 undergraduates stock market fundamentals and socially responsible investing in order to increase financial literacy ·  Evaluated public companies by analyzing strategy and operations, examining financial statements and performing valuation ·  Invested $1,000 of fundraised money in selected microfinance businesses, B corps, or charities to support social impact.. Bloomberg Analytics Boot Camp (500+ applied; 24 selected), New York, NY, Participant          May 2013 ·  Trained for one week in Analytics and Sales to gain exposure to equities, fixed income and commodities ·  Operated Bloomberg Terminal to obtain data for 10 stock pitches, technical analyses of securities and industry overviews. I'm proficient at leadership, book, and equity.]
19437318, [I got my high school diploma in rockville high school from rockville. As a Personal Banking Representative, I worked from February 2003 to March 2006. And my major duty is Daily operation and balancing of a $15000 cash drawer. Processing deposits, withdrawals, payments. Opened new accounts at the customer's request. Accepted credit card and loan applications. Nightly vault balancing. Daily ATM processing. I'm proficient at atm, opening and closing, and quality.]
35564026, [I got my bachelors of science degree   criminal justice in criminal justice from york college of pennsylvania. As a Senior Personal Banking Representative, I worked from August 2003 to April 2008. And my major duty is Actively sell Sovereign Bank products and services. Analyze and determine the financial needs of each customer. Meet and exceed personal sales goals. Open new accounts, process loan applications and close loans. Demonstrate in depth knowledge of all consumer products and services. Research and resolve customer issues in a timely manner. I'm proficient at problem resolution, self motivated, and meticulous attention to detail.]
16407619, [I got my data entry specialists in data entry specialists from eldorado college. As a Commercial Lines Underwriting Supervisor, And my major duty is Company relocated out of state          June 206 - Oct.. 2007 Supervised 7-Employees, approved employees time sheets and requests for time off to ensure a smooth workflow Assisted account managers, sub-agents/and or brokers with customer complaints and resolutions Reviewed and analyzed risk for Commercial CGL and Workers' Comp new business applications and renewals with solid understanding of industry regulations and carrier guidelines Researched various markets for competitive pricing from multiple insurance carriers. I'm proficient at ca, insurance, and data entry.]
10329506, [I got my b   s   computer information systems in computer information systems from northern virginia community college. As a Technical Writer/ Web Developer, I worked from 01/2000 to now.And my major duty is Responsibilities include creating, editing and verifying product and service documentation.. Documentation types include: hardware and software user and service manuals, online help and tutorials, programming/configuration/installation documents, requirement documents and reference documents.. Work out various researches for giving the accurate description of the erection, installation, removal as well as maintenance of different genres of hardware.. Supply wiring figures outlines along with part breakdown sketches for illustrations.. Scripting interactive on-line help and tutorial packages.. Installation and maintenance of computer, security, and telecommunications systems. I'm proficient at adobe pagemaker, book, and investments.]
19911786, [I got my bachelor of arts in public relations   speech communication journalism from auburn university. As a Territory Manager, I worked from Jan 1994 to Jan 1996. And my major duty is Developed and maintained   relationships with new and existing accounts Developed and maintained community contacts through job fairs, presentations and civic involvement Assisted in employee recruitment, placement and orientation ERC (Employee Recognition Committee), PROEQUITIES-Chairman BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA - VULCAN DISTRICT COMMITTEE - Marketing Director BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA - VULCAN DISTRICT - Certified Trainer of Adult Leadership CAHABA GIRL SCOUT COUNCIL - Field Executive, Certified Trainer of Adult Leadership BIRMINGHAM AREA COUNCIL OF CAMPFIRE - Recruitment Coordinator BIG BROTHERS/BIG SISTERS OF Tift Area - Caseworker/PR Assistant. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and instructor.]
96493528, [I got my bachelor   s degree   university studies in university studies from southern illinois university. As a General Manager, I worked from December 2004 to November 2007. And my major duty is I managed multiple 35000 square foot fitness centers with over 35 employees (managed up to three branches at one time).. I managed payroll, scheduling, training for each department (customer service, sales, personal training and group exercise).. I also set budgets for the sales team and monitored their development.. I maintained reports and profit and loss for the fitness center.. I also developed and trained others to become managers and advance in the company. I'm proficient at microsoft office, sales, and credit analysis.]
35492909, [I got my master of professional accountancy in accounting   economics from the pennsylvania state university. As a Wholesale Banking Intern, I worked from 05/2014 to 08/2014. And my major duty is Organized marketing campaign to develop client relationship and complete business transactions  Assisted client relationship manager with daily administrative work  Conducted telemarketing and social media marketing to attract potential clients. I'm proficient at ma, ca, and consulting.]
25200253, [I got my  in business      bellevue university city   state certification business management      valencia community college city   state business management business management      seminole community college city   state business management medicine   nursing from valencia community college city. As a Bank Teller, I worked from 01/1989 to now.And my major duty is Handled customer transactions on a daily basis.. Balanced teller drawer at the end of each day.. Assist with balancing ATM and cash vault. I'm proficient at supervising, phone etiquette, and processes.]
68781345, [I got my secretarial science in secretarial science from . As a Executive Assistant/Office Manager, I worked from 01/1997 to now. I'm proficient at leadership, citrix, and negotiation.]
14391434, [I got my masters degree   public administration in human development and family studies from indiana university. As a Director, I worked from January 2006 to January 2009. And my major duty is Served as the Director of program and implemented all new programs and services involving children.. Supervised a total of 38 staff members; 16 certified and licensed therapists that performed ongoing services to families/children with developmental disabilities through Indiana First Steps, and 22 staff members that operated and performed other programs and services to families and children;.. Wrote the proposal and organized the first before/after school program for Danville's Community Schools;.. Managed prepared annual department budget, semi-monthly payroll and all other fiscal concerns. I'm proficient at speaking, staffing, and data entry.]
14626780, [I got my master of philosophy in finance        finance bachelor of commerce   finance from mount carmel college. As a Manager - Corporate Banking, I worked from May 2004 to August 2006. And my major duty is Emerging Corporate and Small Business Enterprises - Financial and Credit Risk Analysis Responsible for preparing credit appraisals from multiple risk perspectives, asset valuation, collateral security evaluation, loan sanctions and post sanction monitoring.. Thorough knowledge of credit policies & financial statement analysis of clients.. Prepared detailed appraisal reports for different types of credit facilities including term loans, working capital financing, bills discounting, bank guarantees, project financing and micro financing.. Meeting new clients for sourcing potential customers, analyzing their income statements and balance sheets and writing detailed recommendation reports for the top management.. Investment Banking Division Managed pre and post issue management functions related to IPOs, follow-on offerings, rights issue and bonds issue.. Handled legal cases pertaining to public/right issues managed by the bank.. Appointed as the bank's Compliance Officer for an IPO from the infrastructure industry which had an issue size of 39 million shares approx.. Audit/ Compliance Ensure compliance with Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI), Reserve Bank of India (RBI), and ING Vysya Bank Ltd guidelines regarding payment of dividends and collection of IPO monies.. Independently performed SOX audits and tests for the bank's RTGS (Real Time Gross Settlement) payment settlement system that included study of prevailing processes, matching existing process with standards already set in PCDM (Process control Document Matrix), finding out deviations and taking corrective measures. I'm proficient at inventory management, general ledger, and government grant proposals.]
28989677, [I got my bachelor   s degree   international economic relations and management city   belarus in international economic relations and management from minsk state college of services industry. As a Personal banker/Teller at Retail banking department, I worked from September 2005 to June 2007. And my major duty is Internship and externship;. Consulting customers on the banking products;. Customers attracting;. Carrying on negotiations with customers, promotion of bank services;. Selling of additional services and products;. Processing short-term and long-term deposits;. Cashier transactions services, withdrawals;. Recording of money movements in the bank database;. Preparation of reports;. Insurance services;. Western Union transfers;. Currency exchange, collection;. Working with customers' inquiries, claims, complaints. I'm proficient at including ms office suite, strong leadership abilities and team building skills, and strong analytical and research skills.]
41651672, [I got my ba   business administration management in business administration management city from colorado state university. As a Business Banking Specialist, I worked from August 2005 to February 2008. And my major duty is Responsible for managing and retaining existing relationships and generating new business in the Business Banking market segment.. Cross-sold bank products, executed strategies with calls and site visits; provided needs assessment, customer qualification and meeting follow-up to maintain, enhance and expand customer relationships.. Serviced the credit and non-credit financial needs of existing clients.. Personally interviewed applicants, and closed various types of SBA loans.. Managed all aspects of location and cultivation of new deposits and loans.. Analyzed call logs and sales numbers in compliance with targeted sales quotas. I'm proficient at book, presenting, and benefits.]
18645964, [I got my bachelor of science in health administration information systems from university of phoenix. As a Relationship Banking Associate, I worked from July 2007 to May 2012. And my major duty is Team Mentor responsible for coaching and development of both new hire and seasoned associates Assisted customers with a wide range of account related inquiries Offered products and services to help customers expand banking relationships Met quality and sales goals requirements Created visual aids for teammates for team and center campaigns Trained new hire associates as an On the Job training (OJT) coach Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.. Managed wide variety of customer service and administrative tasks to resolve customer issues quickly and efficiently.. Researched banking guidelines and statutory requirements to stay updated on new laws and applications.. Recommended and helped customers select products and services based on their needs.. Courteously assisted over 100 customers per day in a high-pressure and fast- paced environment Additional Information. I'm proficient at processes, call center, and customer satisfaction.]
18278509, [I got my bachelor of arts   economics and commerce in economics and commerce from hampden   sydney college. As a Associate, I worked from July 2007 to now.I worked from July 2006 to now. I'm proficient at prime, equity, and managerial accounting.]
18369400, [I got my master of science   management in management southern nazarene university   city   state management organizational communication   managerial economics and ethics      bachelor of science   accounting from southern nazarene university. As a Men's Assistant Basketball Coach, And my major duty is Coaching, Recruiting.. Head Men's Junior Varsity Basketball Coach. I'm proficient at serving, coaching, and teaching.]
11266906, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration from minnesota state university. As a Senior National Home Mortgage Consultant, I worked from November 1996 to April 2007. And my major duty is Responsible for mortgage origination with a focus on relationships through employee mortgage programs with Fortune 500 companies affinity groups, and/or portfolio retention. In depth knowledge of investor and regulatory guidelines: FHA, VA, FNMA, FMLMC.. Develop and manage relationships with both external and internal clients.. Leaders Club, Team Lead § 2006 1st Mtg Funded Units: 156 $30,520,799 Avg Ln Amt: $195,646 § 2006 2nd Mtg Funded Units: 43 $1,873,377 Avg Ln Amt: $43,566 § 2006 Revenue: $590,110.47 Revenue BPS: 193.35 NOI: $235,967.47 § 2006 Centralized Retail Referrals & Cross sell Top Alliance Bank Referrals 382 § 2005 1st Mtg Funded Units: 161 $34,183,691 Avg Ln Amt $212,321 § 2005 2nd Mtg Funded Units: 54 $2,491,738 Avg Ln Amt: $46,143 § Recognized as #1 in Home Equity sales for 2002 and 2003 in Corporate Wells Fargo § Recognized as #1 in Lender Paid Mortgage Insurance. I'm proficient at solid communication, time management, and organizational.]
31710562, [I got my bachelor of science in business administration   finance from regis university      mba   business administration city   state university of northern colorado. As a Staff Accountant, I worked from February 1920 to February 1920.  I'm proficient at general ledger, accounting winteam, and accpac fas best.]
39142536, [I got my bachelor   s degree in sociology from eastern new mexico university. As a Territory Manager, And my major duty is Effectively managed a sales territory by identifying competitive market opportunities and building strategic relationship with CTX partners.. Collaborated with internal teams and utilized accurate and timely quarterly forecasts to guarantee the proper execution of the sales process.. Underwrote full loan packages and conducted appraisals with vendors to ensure appropriate value and property type.. Served as an outside sales representative that performed door-to-door selling with mortgage brokers to secure new loan packages.. Established and grew my own territory from the ground up.. Worked in a faced paced environment with minimal supervision.. Had to adapt to constant change in sales targets and goals.. Serviced a range of companies from small businesses to large corporations.. Earned numerous sales promotions for surpassing monthly and yearly sales goals.. Championed the president's roundtable from 2002 to 2003. I'm proficient at ibm, symantec, and selling.]
21756639, [I got my bachelor of arts   american and european history in american and european history from chicago   kent college of law. As a National Sales Director, I worked from 01/2003 to 01/2005. And my major duty is Commercial real estate firm specializing in accelerated sales of commercial real estate with key clients including General Electric, JPMorgan Chase, Sunoco, and British Petroleum.. Employed 30+ professionals.. Led national sales team of commercial real estate agents to assess properties/portfolios for sale.. Implemented most appropriate sales method based on industry, property type, and geographic location.. Prepared due diligence materials for prospective buyers.. Optimized profitability of clients' portfolios by conducting nationwide live seminars to prospective purchasers on participating in the accelerated sealed bid auction.I worked from 01/2001 to 01/2003. And my major duty is General practice law firm with over 150 attorneys and support staff.. Attorney Represented nation's largest SBA and 504 Lender including Bank of America and Allied Capital in originating loans and selling loan portfolios into secondary market.. Notable Accomplishments: Documented and closed $200M+ of Small Business Administration 7(A) and 504 loan programs.. Lead Auditor that ensured compliance with SBA guidelines by leading team to audit loan portfolios through lien, asset, and collateral analysis. I'm proficient at launch strategies, traffic generation, and media and marketing analysis.]
31273413, [I got my master of science in geology from university of nebraska omaha. As a Owner/Artist, And my major duty is Own and manage business which provides a variety of gifts and commercial signs.. Supervise all aspects of the business including; customer service, sales, purchasing, accounting and employee hiring and training.. Developed and produced a fused glass product line still carried in galleries and gift shops across the U.S. and the Caribbean. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great organizational skills, and positive and encouraging.]
12386670, [I got my bachelor of fine arts photography in photography from arizona state university   city   state   usa masters education masters degree in secondary education curriculum development      arizona state university   city   state   usa bachelor of fine arts photography. As a Arts Instructor, I worked from 01/1998 to 01/2012. And my major duty is Designed and Implemented over 10 individually focused programs in the arts for after school programs including claymation, ceramics, mask making, drawing, photography, silk screening and painting.. Methods Applied Curriculum Design: designed, developed and implemented daily lessons for 150 students daily.. Education Strategies: employed special educational strategies and techniques during instruction to improve the development of sensory/perceptual-motor skills, language, cognition, and memory.. Plan Development: planned and conducted activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provided students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.. Goal Setting: established clear objectives for all lessons/projects and communicated with students, achieving a total understanding of grading rubric and overall class expectations.. Technology Integration: increased student participation and test scores by introducing relevant computer programs and exercises to encourage student interest and enjoyment. I'm proficient at hand built ceramics, art education curriculum design and development, and drawing.]
93576192, [I got my m   ed   technologies enhanced learning   instructional design      seton hill university city   state b   s   elementary education in elementary education from . As a Social Studies Teacher, I worked from 08/1998 to now. I'm proficient at used turning point technologies rapid responders, utilized safari montage live, and sphere video creation and google classroom.]
15306049, [I got my bachelors of music in vocal performance in vocal performance from california state university. As a Freelance Musician-Singer and Pianist, I worked from Jan 2014 to Current. And my major duty is Tenor Section Leader Substitute.  Panorama Presbyterian Church, City of Angels Community Choir.. Planned and performed music for weddings and receptions. Accompanied Kirk O' The Valley Children's Choir I'm proficient at piano accompanist, vocal coach, and outstanding sight reader.]
31114531, [I got my bachelor of science   psychology in business from brigham young university. As a Musician, And my major duty is As a touring/performing musician, I have had the opportunity to travel the world.  This musical ability has been the backbone of my career as I have transitioned from performing to audio engineering to managing performing arts facilities and concert series.  This experience allows the unique position of a deep understanding of multiple sides of the industry.  As I communicate with touring musicians, I have an intimate knowledge of the challenges they face.  I completely understand the technical demands and needs of the events I manage.  Lastly, I have a firm grasp on marketing and management, which has been central to my 25  year career. I'm proficient at adobe premiere, microsoft office suite, and wordpress.]
21060367, [I got my master of science   family and consumer science in marketing   management from le cordon bleu college   city   state   us bachelor of science   marketing   management        southampton college of long island university. As a Owner/Manger, I worked from January 2002 to January 2004. And my major duty is Increased sales from 25% to 50% Effectively managed food cost, budgeting, production, sales, inventory, marketing and advertising Supervised 8-10 employees Responsible for hiring and terminating Initiated proper training for customer service Monitored food safety and sanitation. I'm proficient at receiving, maintain timeliness and quality in high volume kitchen, and maintain transactions in sap for all warehouse.]
17325147, [I got my  in general psychology clinical child from depaul university. As a TEACHING ASSISTANT, And my major duty is Over the course of 6 academic terms, promoted engaging discussions, critical thinking, and a warm learning environment for groups of 50-60 undergraduate students enrolled in PSY-305 (a community-based service learning course).. Was selected out of four graduate assistants to be "Head Teaching Assistant" of the course throughout 2013-14 academic year. I'm proficient at mentor, unique, and critical thinking.]
23752500, [I got my m   a   elementary education in elementary education from university of arkansas at pine bluff. As a Certified Teacher, I worked from August 1988 to May 1995. And my major duty is Played an important role in fostering the intellectual and social development of children during their formative years.. Tutored fifth grade students that tested basic or below basic in Math and Language Arts.. Work with students from varied ethnic, racial, and religious backgrounds.. Leader of the Fifth grade team.. Taught using classroom presentations and individual instruction to help students learn and apply concepts in subjects such as mathematics, science, social studies, spelling, language arts, Arkansas history, and health.. Planned, evaluated, and assigned lessons; prepared, administered, and graded tests; listened to oral presentations; and maintained classroom discipline.. Graded papers, prepared report cards, and met with parents and school staff to discuss a student's academic progress or personal problems.. Observed and evaluated student's performance and potential and increasingly use various assessment methods.. Used a "hands-on" approach that uses "props" or "manipulative's" to help children understand abstract concepts, solve problems, and develop critical thought processes.. Encouraged collaboration in solving problems by having students work in groups to discuss and solve problems together.. Prepared lesson plans.. Administered test and assessments.. Supervised students on playground duty, indoor and outdoor activities.. Supervised students on field trips and other special events.. Maintained control and accounted for whereabouts and safety of students.. Helped prepare, arrange and maintain indoor and outdoor activities including but not limited to "Fun Day." Working Parents Child Care Center, Pine Bluff, Arkansas - Teacher of four year old children. Played a vital role in the development of children.. Introduced children to mathematics, language, science, and social studies.. Used games, music, artwork, films, books, computers, and other tools to teach basic skills.. Capitalized on children's play to further language and vocabulary development (using storytelling, rhyming games, and acting games), improved social skills (having the children work together to build a neighborhood in a sandbox), and introduced scientific and mathematical concepts (showing the children how to balance and count blocks when building a bridge or how to mix colors when painting.) Used a less-structured approach, including small-group lessons, one-on-one instructions, and learning through creative activities such as art, dance, and music.. Introduced letter recognition, phonics, numbers, and awareness of nature and science.. Established a working relationship with the children and their parents. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and reading.]
20149476, [I got my master of fine arts in graphic design course      kansas city art institute city   state   usa advanced placement certificate      rice university city   state   usa studio art bachelor of science   art education from university of wisconsin. As a Architectural Model Builder/Project manager, I worked from 01/1981 to now.And my major duty is Oversee construction of large scale architectural models. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, great organizational skills, and mac and windows proficient.]
54100393, [I got my bachelor of arts in education   learning and society from tacoma community college. I have no experiences. I'm proficient at variety of teaching strategies, multimedia teaching and learning, and classroom management.]
11187796, [I got my bachelor of science   environmental technology and management in environmental technology and management from suny adirondack   city   state dean   s list graduated cum laude bachelor of science   environmental technology and management        north carolina state university. As a Michael's Arts and Crafts Store, I worked from March 2017 to Current. And my major duty is (Capital Blvd. location). Aid Store Manager, Assistant Store Manager, Full-Time Replenishment Manager in day to day operations and planning; unload and stock store merchandise.. Train new Replenishment associates.. Employee of the Month (July)I worked from February 2016 to March 2017. And my major duty is Provide customer service on the sales floor, manage day/night-time associates and store operations.. Train and assess new associates.. (Assumed position at Brier Creek, Raleigh, NC location in October 2015)I worked from June 2015 to February 2016. And my major duty is (Brier Creek Location). Support Specialist:. Prepare cash registers, count money, and prepare documentation for the bank deposit.. Manage cashiers in the morning.. Sales Associate/Cashier:. Offer customer service and efficiently run a cash register. I'm proficient at communication, inventory management, and management.]
39470264, [I got my master of science   management   business   project in management   business   project                  colorado technical university   city   state   us master of science in management   msm   colorado technical university   colorado springs co concentration   business   project management from colorado technical university. As a Specialist, I worked from September 1992 to July 1999. And my major duty is United States Air Force Andersen Air Force Base Barksdale AFB, LA 71110 United States 09/1992 - 07/1999 Salary: 1,500.00 USD Per Month Hours per week: 40 Supply Logistics Manager and Customer Service Specialist Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: Provided customer service for all Air Force Organizations stationed on Andersen and Barksdale Air Force Base. Performed administrative and management functions. Managed, administrated, and operated supply systems and activities surrounding purchasing, issuing, back ordering etc. Processed hundreds of purchases/back orders for internal and external customers on a daily basis. Researched and purchased stock items for the best on base or off base sources of supply Input purchase request/orders to contracting for off base procurement approvals Managed, and monitored customer department budgets and monetary accounting with database software to ensure purchases did not exceed allotments Computed requirements, determined allowances, and researched and identified supplies and equipment requirements I'm proficient at satisfaction, finance, and training.]
12413512, [I got my bachelor of arts   english in journalism   sociology from university of north carolina. As a 6th/8th Grade Language Arts Tutor, And my major duty is Provided students with an academically enriched opportunity that addresses core skills for mastery level performance.. Helped bridge the academic gap documented by school assessments.. Enhanced student skill and overall academic success at Ridge Road. I'm proficient at websites, reading, and goal setting.]
14879257, [I got my bachelor of arts   international studies in international studies from alamance county community college. As a Math Teacher, And my major duty is Taught beginner English grammar and literature, World History and TOEFL Prep to international students Tutored Algebra and was promoted to remedial math teacher position Advised international students and tutored Spanish. I'm proficient at promotion, letters, and materials.]
46055835, [I got my master in education in broadcast journalism from brooklyn college. As a Project Manager, I worked from 01/1997 to 01/2001. And my major duty is Headed the recruitment of clerical staff. Trained five employees.. Advised the president of staff promotion.. Managed the release of press kits.. Created and edited content for website.. Collaborated with web designer on content layout.. Designed stockholder certificates.. Lectured at trade shows in Seattle and Paris.. Instructed business professionals on the use of products and services. I'm proficient at evaluating and analyzing data, excel spreadsheet, and research journal databases.]
33344933, [I got my bachelor of arts   history   english in theology from milligan college. As a Teaching English to Non-Native Speakers (ELL-Instructor) & Camp Counselor, I worked from Jun 1996 to Aug 1996. And my major duty is Develop teaching materials and programing for an "Intensive English Holiday Package.". Create individualized lesson plans for students with varied English competencies.. Assist students with English pronunciation and syntax.. Supervised students excursions to various attractions around Jakarta and guiding conversation in English. I'm proficient at identify and explaining the forces and trends that propel human history, differentiating instruction to address students learning styles, and instructional planning and implementation.]
24983760, [I got my master of arts in marketing from . As a Reading, Speech & Language Arts Teacher, I worked from January 2000 to January 2015. And my major duty is Currently taking an educational leave of absence) Four years experience teaching 6th Grade English Language Arts (including co-teaching experience) Designed and implemented original reading curriculum around Common Core Standards Focused on reading comprehension, spelling and vocabulary Specifically focused on the three genres of adventure, science-fiction and historical fiction Nine years experience teaching speech communication Designed and implemented original classroom curriculum Focused on communication concepts, speech delivery skills and formats Integrated individual and group projects and assessment Ten years experience teaching sophomore English  -- American Literature Taught novels, short stories, plays, poetry and research paper process Focused on improving student's writing, vocabulary and reading comprehension Three years experience teaching Analytical Reading Elective English course for juniors and seniors Analyzed literature, poetry and literary devices Facilitated two trips to read to elementary school students Four years experience teaching freshman English - Literature Survey (including co-teaching experience) Taught novels, short stories, poetry, grammar and expository writing Focused on improving student's writing, vocabulary and reading comprehension One year experience co-teaching English Skills Competency course designed to prepare students for ninth grade English Focused on reading, writing, spelling and grammar Co-designed an intensive unit covering career awareness and preparation One semester experience teaching Creative Writing Elective English course for junior and seniors Designed and implemented original classroom curriculum Explored eight different genres of creative writing. I'm proficient at delivery, research, and poetry.]
29148871, [I got my bachelor of arts   political science in political science from university of rhode island. As a Academic Advisor, I worked from 08/2011 to 09/2013. And my major duty is Developed relationships with students, guide them in academic decisions & social development, career exploration, and help students get ready for college.. Developed good relationships with parents and attend a minimum of 4 home visits a month.. Served as a positive role model for children.. Hosted after-school programs and taught students life skills, financial literacy, and college readiness skills.. Attended academic field trips with students to enhance their knowledge on different career choices and college.. Worked with students with 504 plans and students with IEP's.. Attended IEP meetings with parents and special education teachers.. Completion of the grant-funded program grants children scholarship money for college.. Met deadlines weekly.. Tracked and recorded data based on every student in the program.. Attend extracurricular activities with students and staff from the middle school department.. Conducted academic advisement services for students on reoccurring basis to maintain educational progression.. Provided comprehensive support services encompassing career and personal goals of student. I'm proficient at flexible adaptable, analytical skills, and lesson planning.]
28325193, [I got my bachelor of arts in theater arts in theater arts from tarrant county community college. As a Secondary Teaching Internship, I worked from January 1997 to May 1997. And my major duty is One on one instruction, instructing small groups, and providing whole class instruction. I'm proficient at goal setting and implementation, team building, and management.]
15265464, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from . As a Student Teacher Grade 1 Inclusive Classroom, I worked from September 2012 to December 2012. And my major duty is Established and communicated clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects to both students and parents.. Enhanced lessons using Smart Board technology and computers.. Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.. Encouraged students to be understanding of others.. Conducted small group and individual classroom activities with students based on differentiated learning needs. ]
24349611, [I got my bachelor of science in biotechnology biotechnology from east carolina university city. As a Process Development Associate, And my major duty is Performed microbiological screening to elucidate proteins with commercial value.. Conducted chemiluminescent, spectrophotometric assays for protease activity to evaluate novel proteins for further processing.. Conducted checks for bacterial pH, aeration, glucose levels, and enzyme production Operated 10-1000 L fermenters for production of marketable biologicals.. Performed DNA sequencing analysis, gas chromatography, protein column chromatography, protein precipitation and enzyme assays as quality controls for biologicals produced in pilot scale. I'm proficient at molecular biology, real time pcr, and seminars.]
19508520, [I got my master of science   counseling in english and history from texas tech university. As a English Language Arts Teacher, I worked from August 2000 to June 2001. And my major duty is As a professional educator at a traditional high school, I pledged to provide my students with a safe and secure classroom, to lead my students through an exploration of traditional and current literature, and to coach my students to develop the critical thinking skills characteristic of an empowered and informed life-long learner.. To meet these goals, I developed and facilitated lessons, evaluated written assignments, accommodated or modified instruction and assignments for students with special services, and conferenced with students and parents. I'm proficient at extremely organized, office manager, and scheduling.]
22800977, [I got my masters of education in industrial design technology from wentworth institute of technology. As a Fine Arts Director, I worked from 08/2001 to now.And my major duty is Teacher. Taught art grades 6-12.. Fine Arts Director. Developed and reviewed Fine Arts curriculum. Facilitated training for Fine Arts teachers(Music and Visual Arts). Established  and coordinated Professional Development for the Harmony's Fine Arts regional and statewide training.. Supervised, evaluated and Mentor teachers. Proposed and collaborated with teachers plus administration in devising strategies for school competitions and events: international, national, state and local level.. ​. Sponsored field trips National and International ( traveled with students and staff internationally and chaperoned students (Turkey, Germany, France and Holland). ​. Assisted with grant writing. ​. Prepared recommendations for students plus staff. ​. Initiated  and implemented fundraisers. ​. Guided 12th grade students as an adviser. ​. Sponsored after school art clubs. Managed school wide festivals, in addition to Multicultural events. I'm proficient at creative problem solving, fundraising, and multi task management.]
36758947, [I got my bachelor of science   business   entrepreneurship in business from auburn university. As a Martial Arts Instructor/CLient, I worked from January 2008 to May 2012. And my major duty is Instruct students in varied martial arts techniques Prepare and distribute detailed monthly,quarterly and yearly reports to clients.. Provide required information and documents toclients.. Prepare reports of client meetings to record the details for future reference.. Submitclient meeting reports to manager or supervisor.. Provide support and assistance tomanagement teams.. Audit all client liaison active accounts.. Revise submission and accountsclosure applications.. Develop liaison with client service and collection department to providerequired information and acquire necessary documents.. Revise and distribute contractualreferrals.. Provide feedback to management on areas of improvements.. Recommendimplementation of enhanced processes.. Plan and schedule monthly meetings with clients.Monitor client satisfaction through follow up on solving client issues and problems.. Initiatemeasures to research and resolve client raised issues.. Collaborate with clients to identify andimplement value added services.Grew customer base from 13 accounts to 34 accounts in 2years. I'm proficient at project design development, processes, and direction.]
11555549, [I got my bachelor of arts   art education city   state art education may        bachelor of fine arts   painting painting in painting painting from mount st   joseph university. As a Visual Arts Teacher, I worked from January 2004 to Current. And my major duty is Design and implement daily lesson plans for grades 1-8 based on National Visual Arts Standards and Ohio Visual Arts Standards Teach interdisciplinary units with grade level teachers that integrate reading, language arts, cultural studies and technology with art production Evaluate student performance based on stated criteria and prepare grades for quarterly report cards Display student artwork throughout the school building including biannual all-school art exhibits held during Catholic Schools Week Open House and annual Fine Arts Festival Participate in regional, state and national art competitions and exhibitions such as the Scholastic Art Competition, Ohio Art Education Association Youth Art Month Exhibition, Young Peoples Art Exhibition, Cincinnati Arts Association Art Exhibit, Catholics United for the Poor Drawing Competition, and the Knights of Columbus Substance Abuse Awareness Poster Competition Facilitate student Art Criticism written submissions to Jerry Tollifson Art Criticism Open Competition (OAEA) Prepare and teach annual after-school student art workshops during Youth Art Month Design and manage art classroom website including online art gallery and blog, www.olvisitation.com. I'm proficient at powerpoint, exhibitions, and adobe.]
32318506, [I got my dental assisting in dental assisting from kaplan college. As a Dental Assistant, And my major duty is Greeted and prepared patients for dental examinations.. Properly sterilized dental equipment and examination rooms in accordance with infection control policies.. Accurately collected and recorded patient medical and dental histories. I'm proficient at diagnostic x rays, rcts, and prep for oral surgery.]
73497035, [I got my master of arts in education from east carolina university education bachelor of science degree   education the university of north carolina at greensboro. As a LanguageArts and Social Studies Teacher, And my major duty is Planned and implemented daily lesson plans in accordance with the North Carolina Standard Course of Study for eighth grade Language Arts and Social Studies.. Developed interdisciplinary units across content areas.. Participated on the Leadership Team for the countywide implementation of Balanced Literacy.. Coordinated and taught summer sessions at a transition camp geared toward rising sixth grade students. I'm proficient at systems administration, operations support, and employee relations.]
12777487, [I got my master of arts   educational leadership and technology integration in information technology from lone star college. As a Language Arts Teacher, I worked from August 2003 to June 2005. And my major duty is Plan, implement, and measure effectiveness of intervention and instruction for students.. Implement district purchased online software programs within daily curriculum.. Develop and implement creative lesson plans, aligned with TEKS, to facilitate learning.. Summer Curriculum Writing team member. I'm proficient at online programs, technology integration, and learning mangement system.]
36379931, [I got my masters of divinity in theatre arts city   state gpa   summa cum laude        member of sigma theta delta english honors society minored in english and religion from vanguard university. As a Barista, I worked from August 2009 to September 2013. And my major duty is Served as integral member of a team that produced high-quality products under tight time constraints, with a focus on customer satisfaction; trained new team members to ensure they can perform necessary tasks at expected standards of service; inventoried and organized raw materials. I'm proficient at research, working under pressure, and microsoft excel.]
26069113, [I got my bachelors of science   computer science in computer science from georgia state university. As a Midway, Software Engineer, I worked from 08/2006 to now.And my major duty is Unannounced Third Person Action Title (PS3/Xbox 360, Unreleased) Worked in an interrupt-driven environment to implement features, fix bugs and create tools designed to improve the workflow for content creators during daily development, utilizing C++ Unreal Script, UnrealEd, and MAXScript.. Core Technology Group TNA iMPACT! (PS3/XBox 360, Shipped Sep 2008), Wheelman (PS3/XBox 360, Shipped Mar 2009), BlackSite Area 51 (PS3/XBox 360, Shipped Nov 2007) Contributed to the Unreal Engine 3 based Core Technology Platform code used across all of Midway's next generation PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 titles by fixing bugs, performing integrations, and reclaiming code from game development teams. I'm proficient at codebase, animation, and functional.]
41950126, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from peirce college city. As a Teller Manager, And my major duty is Managed opening and closing times for the main branch.. Oversaw training for all new branch employees. Managed team of 10 branch tellers. Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with a zero error rate.. Received regional branch recognition award for outstanding customer service.. Received an internal audit score of 90% for 5 consecutive years. Adhered to Citizens Bank security and audit procedures. Adhered to all federal and state compliance guidelines for retail banking. I'm proficient at leadership, technical support, and highly accountable and experienced in operational effectiveness.]
20488267, [I got my master of arts in english from unc pembroke. As a Language Arts Teacher, I worked from January 2009 to January 2010. And my major duty is Worked with students on various reading/ writing skills to increase benchmark/ state scores to meet state standards, noted ,consulted with parents on strategies to improve students' overall  behavioral skills. I'm proficient at creating small interest groups for students great consultant for staff members, great a building a rapport with students, and writing skills.]
22593054, [As a Executive Assistant, I worked from Jan 1992 to Nov 2009. And my major duty is 5 years as company receptionist and expert customer service provider. Promoted to Executive Assistant to the Vice President. Responsible for all billing of invoices to customers. Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable. 401(k) contact person. Filing of all legal Construction Preliminary Notices & Lien Releases. Handled all DMV transactions for fleet of 15-20 trucks.. Assisted Vice President with various projects I'm proficient at leadership, proofreading, and responsible.]
25561640, [I got my associate arts in social work from central texas college. As a Instructor/Writer AOBC, I worked from Jan 2009 to Jan 2011. And my major duty is Primary instructor with an Army Training Program for the Active Component (AC) and Reserve Component (RC) on virtual simulations for Convoy Operations, anti-Ambush procedures, and additional training scenarios. Trained and evaluated the organizational effectiveness of units using virtual or constructive simulations. Planned and conducted training exercises in support of Army National Guard and Reserve Component units preparing for movement overseas. Made recommendations for training support package development change, additions and deletions based on new guidance and policy. Designed, developed, proofed and implemented constructive simulation training exercises. Advised organization managers, supervisors and instructors on the methodology and instrumental procedures needed for training and evaluations. Developed, evaluated, and analyzed written and oral performance diagnostic evaluations, conducted counseling and remedial instruction. Planned, coordinated, and supervised the daily activities of five staff members supervising a personnel holding organization of over 120 personnel. Supervised operations, and liaison activities; wrote routine and special reports, commendations, and operations plans. Prepared and edited training plans and coordinated and implemented training programs; directed on-the-job training. Assisted in briefings, presentations, and presenting instruction to large groups. Provided formal and informal counseling to individuals and groups; maintained computerized data file on past and future planned activities; provided daily briefing to staff members; and maintains computerized personnel data files, job evaluations, and awards. Provided professional training sessions to over 260 junior level managers (Armor and Cavalry officers); coordinated inter-agency usage of various training aids and facilities. Ensured lesson plans, training materials, and equipment required for training were present, current, and operational to teach assigned units of instruction. I'm proficient at instructor, training, and liaison.]
43622023, [I got my bachelor of science in psychology and communication from california state university. As a Sales Associate, I worked from Jun 2011 to Feb 2014. And my major duty is I would ensure giving exceptional service throughout the entire shopping and purchasing experience. Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment. Kept the store clean and maintained organized stock shelves. Informed customers about product that best suits them and services offered by the company. Selected as a product demo and party host. Processed all sales transactions accurately and in a timely fashion. ]
18319061, [I got my b   a   liberal studies english writing and multi   cultural anthropology in liberal studies from university of central florida. As a Ninth and Eleventh Grade Reading and Language Arts Educator, I worked from August 2006 to January 2007. And my major duty is Striving to ensure the academic success of all students by providing rigorous lessons for students I'm proficient at research, critical thinking, and lesson planning.]
25923361, [I got my bachelor of science   anthropology in anthropology from anthropology university of california   city anthropology. As a Classroom Teacher, And my major duty is Provided instruction in multiple content areas to develop academic skills, differentiating as needed for GATE, struggling students, and English Language Learners Collaborated with fellow teachers and administrators on instructional practice Assessed, recorded, and communicated students' academic and social/behavioral progress Planned and coordinated out-of-classroom learning experiences such as field trips and science camp Collaborated with parents, psychologists, psychiatrists, educational therapists, and tutors to provide accommodations for students with specific learning disabilities or behavioral needs. I'm proficient at ca, instructor, and reading.]
18106533, [I got my bachelor of science in organizational management human resources from colorado christian university. As a Point of Sale Manager, I worked from Jan 1989 to Jan 1995. And my major duty is Reported directly to store owner providing retail pricing and in-house promotional work for entire store.. This included Direct Store Delivery invoicing, preparing annual profit reports and working directly with all account representatives from various food companies. I'm proficient at travel administration, meticulous attention to detail, and meeting planning.]
50432401, [I got my bachelor of science   elementary education in elementary education from ball state university. As a Teacher, I worked from June 2009 to August 2013. And my major duty is Promoted language development skills through reading and storytelling.. Conducted small group and individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs.. Applied the positive reinforcement method to redirect negative behaviors.. Observed students to supply teachers with feedback regarding potential learning blocks and opportunities for support.. Organized field trips to local parks, fire stations and zoos.. Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. I'm proficient at interpersonal skills, emergency preparedness, and operations management.]
19724031, [I got my political science in political science from union county college. I have 1 work experiences.  I'm proficient at leadership, public speaking, and political communication.]
28471099, [I got my m   m phd educational leadership miami university miami university   city   state gpa   gpa          gpa          associate   computer science southwestern college of business associate accounting southwestern college of business   city   state gpa   gpa          computer science gpa          bachelor of music in music from southwestern college of business associate accounting. As a Technology Manager, And my major duty is Managed IT Services in the student technology learning centers - open to all students.. Services included access to the Internet, MVS, VS, and !Novell Network.. Students were able to interact with the faculty by use of email, software packages and the Internet.. The labs employed !90 student workers each semester, which included 8 student technicians, who kept the labs working 19 hours a day during each !semester and 24 hours a day during the two weeks before the end of the semester.. There were basic classes taught by the student staff to !students who needed sprint courses in the software and hardware required for their courses.. Expanded the technologies services to students in 4 public sites ­Developed 'Quik' Time Training' program for students using the centers ­ expanded the student support/managed the technical needs of the students in the centers- taught students good customer service Relevant Leadership Positions Director: Miami University Filemaker User's Group - !Principal Viola - Sorg Opera Company - Business Manager, Violist Montage String Quartet ­National Sales Manager, Winton Associates (Wholesale Precious Stone Importers), Local Business Manager International Musicians Union Local, Ass't Business Manager & Principal, Viola, Rome Festival Orchestra, Italy. I'm proficient at leadership, enterprise, and sales manager.]
22848179, [I got my mfa   creative writing in creative writing from new hampshire institute of art. As a Intern/Free-Lance Production Assistant, I worked from September 2006 to January 2008. And my major duty is Studied animation and digital art software while providing graphic design and project assistance. I'm proficient at marketing strategy, inventory management, and mailing.]
37220856, [I got my bachelor of arts   professional music in professional music        berklee college of music   boston mass   city   state minor in music education from berklee college of music. As a Classroom Teacher, I worked from January 2007 to June 2008. And my major duty is My primary responsibilities were to facilitate classroom training to both English and bilingual students in vocal music, music history, and school productions.. I headed the performing arts department in the design, development, costuming and maintenance of art materials as well as set design by evaluating the effectiveness of the performing arts through instrumental/vocal music, dance, drama, art and technology.. I co-facilitated weekly meetings and helped make changes necessary to improve effectiveness of student growth. I'm proficient at peer counseling, set and design, and supervision.]
78107631, [I got my b   a   communications and public policy in communications and public policy from university of california berkeley. As a Director Summer, I worked from January 2003 to January 2009. And my major duty is a partnership between HRS and the Oakland Unified School District).. The program targets disadvantaged middle school students who have been identified by their teachers and principals as bright and motivated.. They are given.. academic, arts, and technology training on a full scholarship basis during a six-week summer session.. They are mentored monthly over the course of the year. I'm proficient at enterprise, arts, and teaching.]
21867728, [I got my bachelor of arts   communication studies in communication studies from san francisco state university. As a Marketing Programs and Events Intern, I worked from 05/2006 to now.And my major duty is Responsible for setting the direction and overseeing     successful execution of Marketing strategy, member programs and events.. Responsibilities include:. Develop programs focused on community outreach, parent and member communications, student registrations, member recruitment, training events, and staff/facility management. Areas of project management include: budgeting,     scheduling, vendor and venue due diligence, contract     negotiations, catering selection,and     entertainment and décor. Responsible for contracts management and driving     membership, including account renewals and program sales; Increased year over year membership contracts by 30%. Support accounting department where responsibilities include monthly invoicing, updating     account receivables in billing system, and expense balancing; Increased on-time payment rates by 60% I'm proficient at expertise in developing guidelines, in depth knowledge in project planning and leading marketing automation teams and projects from ground zero, and and training in automation tools.]
37472265, [I got my bachelor of arts in english literature adolescence community and education from university of arizona. As a Program Manager, I worked from January 2003 to December 2006. And my major duty is Supervise, interact and evaluate staff and children ages K-5 Create and implement incentive program for homework club and program Plan and execute special events for kids and their families Help to keep multipurpose room, and supply closet organized Greet parents and keep them informed on daily events Sign-in and account for all kids in program daily Keep bulletin board both up to date and presentable at all times Create and implement duty roster and daily activities Keep site files up to date and organized Ensure that site meets DHS licensing standards Create monthly newsletter using Microsoft Word Keep track of budget and order supplies Attend and participate in leadership workshops Provide nutrition education as part of AzNN partnership Received DHS Directorship. I'm proficient at leadership, english, and progress.]
17033567, [I got my bachelor of arts in bachelor of arts   electric bass from berklee college of music. As a Manager of Fine Arts, I worked from Jan 2007 to May 2009. And my major duty is Demonstrated ability to multitask and stay focused by managing multiple projects at a time and always finishing before deadlines. I'm proficient at adult and pediatric cpr aedand cpt certified with nasm.]
19671909, [I got my master of arts in english and psychology from hillsdale college. As a Student Government Advisor, I worked from August 1994 to June 1999. And my major duty is School Improvement Team Committee Chairperson.. OEA Negotiating Team member. I'm proficient at book, programming, and teaching.]
11995013, [I got my diploma   medical sanford   brown institute   city   state   us sanford   brown institute medical assistant in medical from sanford   brown institute. As a Seasonal Sales Associate, I worked from Oct 2007 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Described merchandise and explained use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers. Recommended, selected, and helped locate and obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires. Cleaned shelves, counters, and tables. Greeted customers and ascertained what each customer wanted and needed. Ticketed, arranged and displayed merchandise to promote sales. Computed sales prices, totaled purchases and received and processed cash and credit payment I'm proficient at security, in sales, and telephones.]
28629430, [I got my bachelor of arts in art from college of dupage. As a Medical Billing for Radiology Department, I worked from December 1994 to July 1998. And my major duty is Working with medical records as well as insurance company information to locate patient information for updating medical records as well as updating contact information for patients.. I ran all the documentation and brought all records up to speed for the whole department.. I worked independently the majority of the time while referring to pertinent medical staff and historical data at various intervals.. Worked with proprietary medical record software to update patient information Blended data from various insurance providers to add to the hospitals billing systems Learned and used medical shorthand coding to update and override incorrect information in the hospital's proprietary system Increased current and updated insurance and billable data over 30% in the first year and 22% over that the following years as a medical biller. I'm proficient at citrix, websites, and oil.]
53227466, [I got my bachelor of science   network administration in network administration from western governors university. As a Technical Support, I worked from 01/2005 to now.And my major duty is I solved problems over the phone with a user of a software package designed to build picture frames.. Problems included computer based as well as physical problems with design of picture frames.. I was able to learn how to talk to people over the phone to show them respect and be upbeat and exciting. I'm proficient at comptia project certificationand cis web design specialist certification.]
26079779, [I got my ba   comparative humanities in comparative humanities from suny old westbury. As a Administrative Aide, And my major duty is Researched potential donors for the Prospect List used to expand the donor list.. Created excel worksheets on prospect donors, tracking giving habits and preferences.. Organized events, including the Sundance Reception for Tisch School of the Arts and the annual Wasserman Award Reception for that year's scholarship recipients.. Maintained and updated the list of the members of the Dean's Council, including highly confidential personal information for numerous high-profile donors.. Updated and maintained Advance database to track prospects and donors, including parents, students, and faculty of the university and promised or received gifts.. Coordinated travel arrangements for Associate Dean of External Affairs and staff.. Prepared documentation and materials for grant applications to support the school.. Created and edited correspondences, including mass mailings to Dean's Council Members, Prospective Donors, and parents.. General clerical responsibilities included tracking departmental expenses to plan for new budget year, processing and reconciling budgets, coordinating meetings both within and outside of the department, submitting staff timesheets to Human Resources, maintained office supplies and files, responding to in-person and telephone inquiries. I'm proficient at finance, processes, and closing.]
83338413, [I got my master of science   network communications management in technology apps from texas southern university. As a Customer Service, I worked from 06/2000 to 08/2003. And my major duty is Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.. Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.. Demonstrated mastery of customer service call script within specified timeframes.. Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion. I'm proficient at experience in way radio systems, microsoft office proficiency, and tcp ip networking.]
18029935, [I got my bachelor of arts in hotel and restaurant administration from washington state university. As a Director of Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management Division, I worked from Sep 1984 to Sep 2008. And my major duty is Administered all curricular, administrative and financial aspects of the division. Lead program evaluation efforts and created strategic plan to develop and enhance program offerings. Managed annual budget of up $750,000. Provided leadership for planning new and improved labs and staff development to optimize student success. Implemented and evaluated programs and activities to insure that the advisory committee functions in a matter consistent with accreditation standards. Participated in professional development activities and programs as required by accreditation and regulatory agencies. Coordinated all faculty orientation and training. Managed all foodservice and catering operations for the college and McIntyre Hall Performing Arts Center. Served on the committee to design NW Career and Technical Skills Center. Taught numerous courses including: Advanced Culinary, Restaurant Management, Customer Service, and Nutrition. Developed restaurant management training program for Swinomish tribal members. Developed and taught hospitality training program for DSHS work first initiative. Taught senior level coursework for Washington State University Hotel and Restaurant Administration program. ]
16962067, [I got my bachelor of arts   mass communication in mass communication from colorado mesa university city. As a Elementary Teacher, I worked from 08/2006 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Taught 6th grade (2006-2007 school year).. Taught 4th grade (2007-2008 school year). Communicated student progress, academic difficulties or behavioral concerns to parents, guardians and administration using tact and professionalism to improve student academic performance.. Developed and implemented classroom procedures that provided safe learning environment.. Provided focused instruction group, small group, and individualized at work.. Developed and organized reading and math stations.. Organized classroom supplies and decorated classroom walls to celebrate student achievements to create fun, nurturing settings and meet learning n. Collaborated with student parents to plan classroom parties.. Prepared materials for lessons, assignments and assessments and evaluated, corrected and graded student performance to identify gaps in skills or knowledge and set realistic goals. I'm proficient at policy and procedure adherence, elementary, and middle.]
14150896, [I got my bachelor of arts   cinema and television arts in cinema and television arts from california state university northridge. As a Martial Arts Instructor, I worked from Jun 2011 to Jan 2014. And my major duty is Provide self defense training to students of various ages ranging from K-12 to adults. Answer incoming and outgoing phone calls. Provide customer support. Attend weekly marketing and business instructor meetings. Attend and assist with community marketing events I'm proficient at medium com, improvisation acting second city, and plot and story building in books.]
27936502, [I got my bachelor of arts in english   sociology from sam houston state university. As a Sr. Account Coordinator, And my major duty is Directly responsible for managing multiple core accounts for the purpose of providing excellent customer service.. Entered all sales and purchase orders with accuracy according to customer specifications.. Executed PO follow-up on a daily basis to insure all shipments were indeed on time and within conformance of customer/vendor expectations Worked directly and developed valuable relationships with vendors/suppliers and logistic companies.. Processed invoicing on a daily basis and provided all supported documentation in order to improve branch DSO (ie: BOL's, POD's and memos.) Implemented annual price increases to meet budgets and margins.. Professional Accomplishments Sheldon ISD- Teacher of the Year 2013-Michael R.. Null Middle School TricorBraun-Nominated for Customer Service Satisfaction Award 4 years in a row.. TricorBraun-Promoted to Houston Branch Operations Manager within first 3 years of employment.. TricorBraun-Houston branch grew 60% in gross profit and personally nominated for Branch Quality Award in the first year of managing branch.. TricorBraun-Recognized in the industry as a top performer and leader. I'm proficient at payables, ceridian, and insurance.]
65325317, [I got my bs   liberal arts bs   management and psychology in management and psychology from excelsior college. As a Chief Warrant Officer Four, And my major duty is UNITED STATES COAST GUARD May 1985 to September 2009 Chief Warrant Officer Four (BOSN) Operations Officer of 7th Crew, USCG PATFORSWA (Patrol Forces Southwest Asia) detailed with directing Forward Operating Base personnel in Kuwait during Operation Iraqi Freedom for CTF 55.6 and CTF 150 assets (2005 - 2006). Deck Watch officer for multiple Patrol Boats in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (2005 - 2006). Liaison Officer for CTF 55.6 to Oman, Yemen, UAE, Kuwait, and Djibouti detailed with planning, and executing training events for at sea enforcement; planned and directed Personal Protective Services for US and foreign senior officials INCONUS (2002 - 2005) and while attached to CTF 55.6 (Operation Iraqi Freedom 2005 - 2006). Directed emergency management efforts for military base, which included civilian populace (2002 - 2005). Law Enforcement Officer for drug interdiction, alien migration interdiction, maritime law enforcement, domestic and international fisheries enforcement, counterterrorism and antiterrorism (1985 - 2009). Security Officer/Chief of Police for Coast Guards largest base (2002 - 2005): Initiated background investigations for base personnel; provided follow up and reporting of derogatory information to the Coast Guard Intelligence Center; Led full police force assigned to provide security, safety, and enforce federal and state laws; Liaison with local, and federal law enforcement agencies; led and/or oversaw investigations for criminal and civil cases. Administration/Leadership Managed administrative offices as Executive Petty Officer (1989 -1990), Command Enlisted Advisor (1997-1999), Officer In Charge of Forward Operating Base Kuwait (2005 - 2006). Managed daily routine for all aspects of administrative support to personnel assigned to my units. Administrative matters included but not limited to, travel coordination, performance reviews, daily event and job schedule management, training administration, work site coordination with other units/groups, and other duties as assigned by higher authority. Developed and implemented tracking system for qualifications/certifications for operational units of all positions in the unit to meet mission requirements (1999 - 2002, 2006 -2007, 2007 - 2009). Trained personnel of various units on human resource requirements such as sexual harassment, diversity, workplace environment, and work life issues (1994 - 1999, 2002 - 2006, 2007 - 2009). Administered preventive maintenance program for shipboard, small craft (21 to 55 foot), and ATV systems including cranes, winches, pulley systems, fire control systems, minor machinery (compressors, generators, etc.) (1986 - 1999, 2002 - 2009). Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COTR) (1989-1990, 1993-1994, 1995-1996, 1999-2002, 2007-2008) for various projects throughout my military career which included large Cutter renovations, small vessel acceptance, and small vessel renovations/alterations. COTR for various contractors and subcontractors for recurring shipboard maintenance programs (flight deck renewal, interior renovations, systems renovations/repairs, etc.). Worked with Area Command staff to develop contract RFP's for various shipboard projects including flight deck renewal, interior renovations, systems renovations/repairs, small craft purchases, and large maintenance equipment purchases. Communications Strong communications, public speaking, and senior-level presentation experience (Instructor 1977 - 1979, senior instructor 1996 - 1999, Security Officer 2002 - 2005, Liaison Officer 2005 -2006). Extensive senior-level presentations to foreign military and officials (1996 - 1999, 2002 - 2005, 2005 -2007). I'm proficient at security, instructor, and training.]
30594821, [I got my business manager in business from trinity high school. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 09/2014 to 11/2014. And my major duty is Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer.. Filled in positions when understaffed or a task needed to be completed.. Assisted manager in closing down store and cash registers at the end of each night.. Visual merchandising through setting planograms and detailed recovery.. Stocked inventory when shipments were received.. Learned how to work with a team to accomplish greater tasks. ]
27164756, [I got my ph   d     education specialization in special education in art history from rutgers university city   state   usa bachelor of arts   urban studies. As a Therapist, And my major duty is Effectively managed time and caseloads based on. 50. sessions per week.. Charted and recorded information in client files.. Tracked client movement on and off the unit by documenting times and destinations of clients.. Quickly responded to crisis situations when severe mental health and behavioral issues arose.. Conducted comprehensive initial in-home psychosocial assessments prior to first wraparound meetings.. Efficiently gathered information from families and social services agencies to inform development of treatment plans.. Documented all patient information including service plans, treatment reports and progress notes.. Conducted outreach, advocacy and rehabilitative services for regular cases and crisis intervention.. Collaborated closely with treatment team to appropriately coordinate client care services.. Interacted with clinical staff and external resources such as school or community personnel.. Developed comprehensive treatment plans that focused on accurate diagnosis and behavioral treatment of problems.. Taught clients anger management techniques, relaxation skills, impulse control, social skills, emotional coping skills and functional living skills.. Worked with parents and teachers to implement consistent behavior therapy techniques at home and school.. Consulted with psychiatrists about client medication changes, issues with medicine compliance and efficacy of medications.. Organized treatment projects that focused on problem solving skills and creative thinking.. Referred clients to other programs and community agencies to enhance treatment processes.. Created and reviewed master treatment and discharge plans for each client.. Guided clients in understanding illnesses and treatment plans.. Developed appropriate policies for the identification of medically-related social and emotional needs of clients.. Assisted clients in scheduling home visits and phone calls and monitored effectiveness of these activities.. Evaluated patients for psychiatric services and psychotropic medications.. Monitored patients prescribed psychotropic medications to assess the medications' effectiveness and side effects.. Evaluated patients to determine potential need to transfer to specialized inpatient mental health facilities.. Administered medication to patients presenting serious risk of danger to themselves and others.. Conducted psychiatric evaluations and executed medication management for both inpatient and outpatient facilities.. Led patients in individual, family, group and marital therapy sessions.. Developed comprehensive treatment plans for patients diagnosed with opioid addiction.. Executed appropriate risk-assessment and mitigation strategies.. Diagnosed mental health, emotional and substance abuse disorders. I'm proficient at advanced problem solving, family therapy aptitude, and family therapy background.]
34146825, [I got my high school diploma in high school diploma from northwood high school. As a Front clerk, I worked from 02/2014 to 06/2014. And my major duty is While working in Chicago Bakery I accepted payment from customers and gave the correct amount of change as needed. Cleaned up spilled food, drinks and broken dishes, and removed empty bottles and trash. I also took cake orders over the phone and maintained store cleanliness throughout the day. Stock baked good in the display cases. At the end of the day I would close the store and make sure that nothing is out of place and baked goods are stored away properly. I'm proficient at fast paced worker, attention to detail, and flexible and reliable.]
99561379, [I got my master   s of fine arts in master   s of fine arts from california state university of fullerton. As a Office Manager, And my major duty is Billing, accounts payable/receivable; scheduling; documentation; meet with parents           and students regarding any concerns, questions, explanations with their lessons or           instructors; JAN 2009-    Video/Media Director, California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) - Valencia, CA MAY 2009.. Taught video production courses in Dance Dept, supervised video assistant and crew,           maintain, re-order, care, instruction, organization of all video/media equipment, set-up           of all equipment and live edit within the theater for performances, updating and           restoring the archive vault, documenting all performances, oversight of all video/media           work within the dept.. SmARTS Program - Idyllwild Elementary School.. Taught art courses for all levels K-8th: capoeira, drumming, acting and improv, dance           styles including hip-hop, jazz, salsa, African, waltz, and swing.. Assisted in fundraiser events and participated in holiday caroling in hospitals. I'm proficient at cost analysis, directing, and type.]
54180474, [I got my bachelor of arts in education from bachelor of arts   education. As a English Language Arts Teacher, I worked from August 1999 to September 2002. And my major duty is Prepared course outlines, lesson plans and other education material that provided engaging and rigorous learning experiences for students.. Collaborated with team members to plan, develop, organize and promote integrative instruction.. Assisted with district professional development and teacher training. I'm proficient at research, educational programs, and composition.]
37751611, [I got my master of arts   english in english from colorado state university. As a Language Arts Teacher, I worked from August 2002 to July 2004. And my major duty is Taught English 9, English 10, Creative Writing, Argumentation and Debate, Mythology and Science Fiction.. Designed, implemented, and assessed lessons focused on a variety of writing assignments including personal narrative, literary analysis, poetry, short stories, creative writing, business letters, persuasion, argumentation, and research essays using MLA documentation.. Provided assistance throughout the drafting process for the development of writing samples.. Maintained strong connections with parents, colleagues, and administration relating to the progress and success of student performance as well as various programs.. Sponsored the Forensics Speech and Debate Team throughout the 2003-2004 school year including practices and tournaments.. Led several successful individuals to triumph in various categories.. Critiqued individual performances and judged at numerous tournaments.. Directed a successful winter drama production of "A Christmas Carol" resulting in additional funds for the Drama program. I'm proficient at persuasion, letters, and instructional design.]
73030450, [I got my master   s degree   computer science in computer science from wright state university. As a Junior Network Engineer, I worked from 01/2011 to 11/2012.  I'm proficient at upgrading, citrix, and enterprise.]
39608848, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts from general pierce community college. As a Ticket Office Manager, I worked from Nov 1998 to Feb 2005. And my major duty is Managed as many as 200 performances a year in 3 different theaters.. Managed a 4-6 person Ticket Office team and 30+ Front of House staff.. Senior Level Administrative experience Provide customer service via phone and in-person.. Assist patrons and rental organizations with season subscriptions, single ticket purchases, and donations.. Provided year round financial and statistical reports to Board Members and Executive Committees. Accurate development, accounting & reporting of Ticket Office Budget and Sales.. Database Manager for Patrons and Donors using ArtSoft.. Event Selection Committee member for the 2001-2004 seasons, assist with Board Functions.. Member of supervisory team which met to plan and provide oversight for the operations of the Broadway Center and its historic Downtown theaters.. Initiated website and online ticket sales.. Assisted with the creation of promotional advertising that affect ticket sales and public relations.. Training: ArtSoft Box Office Manager in Wallingford, CT. I'm proficient at microsoft publisher, auction tracker, and databases constant contact.]
16244633, [I got my master of arts   human resource development in human resource development bowie state university   city   state   us bowie state university bowie   maryland master of arts in human resource development   may     top   number     of classemphasis in   subject     award name   academic achievement awardminor in   subject   graduated with honorshuman resources management certificatecoursework in industrial   organizational psychologycoursework in business   economics and organizational developmentgraduate certificate in organizational development certificate   project management bowie state university certificate in project management   bowie state university   march      bachelor   s   human resources management central university colleg e   city   gh central university colleg e accra   ghana bachelor   s degree in human resources management july        software application proficient in the use of microsoft office applications   word   excel   power point   access   project manager     outlook   hris   ms project and ms publisher   minor in   subject   graduated with honorshuman resources management certificatecoursework in industrial   organizational psychology from bowie state university. As a Office Manager, I worked from August 2007 to September 2010. And my major duty is Administration & Organization Provided administrative and business support for the firm, CEO and executive team members.. Coordinated for top executives conference calls, board meetings, travel and special events.. Negotiated favorable terms and pricing agreements with resorts, vendors, caterers and other providers of services at special events, saving $55K in 2009.. Improved office efficiency by creating highly effective organizational and filing system, including quick & thorough indexing, filing & offsite storage, resulting in easy access to critical information, streamline office functioning and increasing office performance by about 15%.. Maintained CEO's calendar, reorganized executive & finance libraries, assisted managers with special projects as needed, including employee hiring, orientations, on-boarding etc.. Conducted extensive internet research on competitors and potential acquisitions and reported findings to marketing manager. Developed, formatted and maintained databases. Communication & Client Relations. Responded to client phone calls and inquiries providing appropriate information as needed.. Acted as liaison between senior executives, board members, shareholders, middle management and administrative staff maintaining an open line of communication in the process.. Coordinated the preparation of reports, documents and presentation slides for staff and the board. I'm proficient at satisfaction, finance, and employee benefits.]
10830646, [I got my master of science   school and district administration        touro college   city   state   united states school and district administration master of science   literacy        touro college   city   state   united states literacy coursework in education bachelor of arts   political science in political science from st   francis college. As a Alumni Peer Helper, I worked from January 1997 to June 2000. And my major duty is Worked closely with department Assistant Principals.. Assisted the Prevention and Intervention Specialists.. Worked with individual students in counseling sessions.. Worked with students in discussion groups Community activities, such as bake sales. I'm proficient at self motivated, patient, and enthusiastic people person.]
27024099, [I got my  in business management from university of phoenix city. I have 3 work experiences.  I'm proficient at proven ability to mentor and coach, people and goal oriented, and verbal and written communications.]
65352424, [I got my bachelor of science of education in bachelor of science of education from indiana university purdue university. As a Classroom Teacher, I worked from 01/1994 to 01/1999. And my major duty is Instruction I'm proficient at leadership, ledger, and edge.]
28711616, [I got my master of arts   arts management in arts management from college of visual and performing arts. As a Fundraising & Development Intern, I worked from 03/2009 to now.And my major duty is ➢Event management for Friends of the Hylton. Provided staff support for annual fundraising event "Shooting for the Stars". Responsible for logistics of Friends of the Hylton Center (meetings, special events, catering and marketing materials). Prepare and distribute notices, agendas, meeting minutes. Attend Friends of Hylton Center committee meetings. Assemble donor kits and presentation materials for events. Process donations and prepare acknowledgment letters and other correspondence. Logistics of donor and volunteer cultivation I'm proficient at working knowledge of wordpress and photoshop, live and eva purchasing systems, and good written communication skills.]
39064638, [I got my state diploma in east pennsboro high school city   state diploma from east pennsboro high school city. As a Food & Beverage Attendant, And my major duty is Loaded dishwashers and hand-washed items such as pots, pans, knives.. Kept drink stations clean and ready for service.. Performed cleaning, and stocking duties in establishments.. Stocked and rotated products, stocked supplies, and paper goods in a timely basis.. Took orders from patrons for food or beverages.. Used all food handling standards.. Communicated with customers regarding orders, comments, and complaints. I'm proficient at sales, critical thinking, and customer service.]
18586076, [I got my master of arts in dance   movement therapy with a specialization in clinical mental health counseling from rhode island college. As a Sole Proprietor/ Artistic Director, I worked from January 2004 to January 2011. And my major duty is Complete operations of running a small business, including but not limited to; all financial procedures with particular attention to Federal, State, and local requirements.. Hired and managed staff, students, and independent agents.. Developed and implemented marketing plan for each new dance season.. Organized and planned community outreach events.. Planned and implemented weekly lessons, teaching movement skills, and choreography to children and adults of all dance abilities.. Planned, organized and directed performances, including but not limited to; deciding on a theme, ordering costumes, choosing music, renting a venue, having all appropriate documentation completed such as fire marshal approval, insurance, printing and sale of tickets, hiring technical staff. I'm proficient at modern, ballet, and publisher.]
13272204, [I got my bs bs   healthcare administration in healthcare administration from mgmt bs bs   healthcare administration. As a HR Benefits Administrator, And my major duty is Prepared monthly reconciliation for healthcare accounts for BCBS, BCN, HAP, Total Healthcare, Omnicare, Delta Dental, SunLife and Mutual of Omaha Life Insurance, Employee Census Report creation Responded to inquires/concerns regarding employee healthcare benefits Experience with Worker's Compensation, STD/LTD, FMLA, ADA, Child Support Orders, COBRA Administration, LOA, and The Healthcare Reform Act Handled recruitment and placement of union employees Prepared paperwork for new hires and terminating employees with completion of paperwork. Completed ADP system reports for HR compliance I'm proficient at healthcare benefits, employee benefits, and training.]
11360471, [I got my high school diploma      northside skill center city   state electricians license   electrician in electricians license   electrician from northside skill center. As a Electrician, I worked from 01/1999 to now.And my major duty is Interpreted electrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and diagrams.. Implemented vast knowledge of electronics principles to resolve complex electrical problems.. Maintained accurate electronic and instrument inventory to support safe and efficient operation.. Installed all electrical wiring during remodeling projects.. Laid and threaded pipe.. Frequently worked overtime, weekends and holidays. I'm proficient at estitrack, electric palette jacks, and backhoes.]
18885767, [I got my master of arts   directing in theater and english from chicago college of performing arts. As a Director of Theater and English Teacher, And my major duty is Taught           Introduction to Theater, and Language Retraining, an Orton-Gillingham based course           for the remediation of dyslexia.. Expanded theater program to 3 productions per year           and created extracurricular club and opportunities for students interested in design and           technical theater.. Served as academic adviser, club sponsor and dorm team member. I'm proficient at leadership, supervising, and websites.]
20698469, [I got my pistol marksmanship   infantry squad leader   weapons and fire support   inspection and repair of the m  pistol   the marine rifleman   combat skills in pistol marksmanship   infantry squad leader   weapons and fire support   inspection and repair of the m  pistol   the marine rifleman   combat skills from marine corps university. As a Response Cell  Non-Commissioned Oficer, And my major duty is Organized the set-up of a large scale amphibious assault landing training exercise/ simulation involving several adjacent Marine Crops units.. Trained 50 Marines to use combat simulation programs and to effectively support adjacent units involved in the exercise.. Supervised and assisted Marines with daily tasks and execution of the amphibious landing followed on by a ground assault.. Greater details of duties and training evolution are classified. I'm proficient at arts, microsoft office programs, and instructor.]
27715131, [I got my bachelor of science in music education from indiana state university. As a Assistant Band Director, I worked from January 1990 to January 1992.  I'm proficient at wholesale sales, sales, and internet sales.]
32794700, [I got my associate of applied science in information security from texas state technical college city. As a Service Installation Technician, And my major duty is Assisted in all phases of installing, testing, and troubleshooting security and access control systems in Houston metropolitan area office buildings.. Maintained company owned vehicles, tools, equipment, individual tool issue, and building keys to customer buildings.. Documented completed work accurately and consulted with supervisor to resolve discrepancies and interfaced with customers as necessary to install and test equipment. I'm proficient at factiva, desktop publishing software photoshop, and public relations software bacon s mediasource.]
23139437, [I got my veterinarian assistant in veterinarian medicine from middlesex county college. As a Sales associate/cashier, I worked from June 2013 to Current. And my major duty is cashier and help customers with whatever they need I'm proficient at very friendly and patient especially for animals, very friendly toward people as well because of all my experience in retail i am very patient, and i have always been organized and very hardworking.]
23917826, [I got my english and journalism in english and journalism from university of new mexico. As a Team Lead Specialist, I worked from October 2004 to December 2006. And my major duty is Managed the electronics department that handled exchanges, returns, purchases, customer service, and complaints, building displays, inventory and managing back stock.. Managed a team of employees during peak and off-peak seasons that included training. I'm proficient at leadership, receiving, and publisher.]
20148147, [I got my diploma   history city   state   united states during my four years of high school i did struggle to manage my grade but with the right push and motivation   i was able to achieve my goal   i managed to get all a   s   b   s and c   s in history from northwood high school. As a Food Clerk, I worked from February 2014 to June 2014.  I'm proficient at customer service, attention to detail, and fast paced worker.]
34304175, [I got my associate of applied arts and science in associate of applied arts and science from shoreline community college. As a WAREHOUSE & LOGISTICS MANAGER, I worked from September 2002 to October 2006. And my major duty is Negotiated bulk shipping discounts with contracted carriers. I'm proficient at production scheduling, publisher, and exceptional problem solver.]
26410763, [I got my bachelor of science   computer science in computer science from texas a   m university. As a Customer Service Representative / Cook, I worked from January 2013 to August 2014. And my major duty is Prepared items according to written or verbal orders while performing extensive multitasking.. Cleaned food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils.. Closely followed standard protocols for safe food preparation, assembly, and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction.. Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.. Assisted manager in ensuring smooth operation of store in all aspects. I'm proficient at discrete mathematics, latex, and linear algebra.]
21809601, [I got my bachelor of arts in mass communication   creative writing from mass communication   creative writing state   united states georgia. As a Summer Intern, And my major duty is Wrote factually correct, concise and engaging news stories within tight deadlines.. Gathered and verified factual information regarding stories through interviews, observation and research.. Wrote 3 to 5 news stories per week for multiple media platforms.. Traveled to location to write reviews from firsthand experience.Wrote creative and original columns.. Evaluated and followed up on news leads and news tips to develop story ideas.. Organized material, determined area of emphasis, and wrote stories according to prescribed editorial style and format standards.. Served as head reporter for Carnegie Library Summer Activities.. Adapted to many changes in computer systems.. Worked with teammates to ensure strict deadlines were met.. Always maintained a positive attitude and cheerful outlook. I'm proficient at professional and friendly, careful and active listener, and cash handling.]
27096796, [I got my bachelor of arts   early childhood education in early childhood education from florida international university. As a Apprentice Company Member,  I'm proficient at modern, pointe, and ballet.]
25157655, [I got my bachelor of arts   psychology in psychology from the college of new jersey. As a House Manager and Box Office Sales, I worked from 09/2003 to 05/2005. And my major duty is Experienced in customer relations, staff training, and sales.. Utilized computer databases and multiple applications.. Acted as a liaison between performers, directors, and patrons to keep events on schedule. I'm proficient at sharepoint, catalog management, and outlook.]
25926667, [I got my master of public administration in  from baruch college public management. As a Program Manager, I worked from 08/2009 to now.And my major duty is Manages several programs in the karate school, including the after school and summer karate program for approximately 100 children ages 4-17 while maintaining alignment of the organization's mission.. Explain program offerings and requirements to parents and students and answer related questions.. Identify the needs for each child and take educational initiative to create additional tutoring tools and resources to address these challenges.. Assess and track students' progress and make recommendations to modify program to enhance effectiveness in their academic and martial arts development.. Address program and policy issues, developed best practices and improve service delivery.. Implement software to track payments, program effectiveness and generate reports.. Analyze budget to plan and organize activities for the various programs.. Coordinate and team leader for meetings, appointments and special events/activities.. Collaborate and encourage students and parent's commitment to promote academic development.. Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner. I'm proficient at leadership, insurance, and publisher.]
20356750, [I got my b   s   biology in biology from st   john   s university. As a Office Manager Assistant, I worked from July 1999 to November 2000. And my major duty is Reconciled daily fees and posted payments accordingly.. Prepared forms for medical billing and  processed claims to appropriate insurance companies.. Maintained inventory of supplies and medicines/vitamins.. Resolved patient inquiries and performed general clerical duties. I'm proficient at excel and powerpoint onbase sap asand jd edwards business intelligence argus microsoft word.]
24061629, [I got my medical assisting in medical assisting from cypress college   city. As a Telephone Interviewer, I worked from 09/2005 to 05/2006. And my major duty is Survey Interviewer for Bank of America and Scion.. Administer questionnaire as written and record responses verbatim into a computer.. Entered data into databases in a timely and accurate manner.. Obtained and scanned documentation and entered into the database.. Produced monthly reports using advanced Excel spreadsheet functions.. Reviewed medical records for completeness and filed records in alphabetic and numeric order.. Organized forms, made photocopies, filed records and prepared correspondence and reports.. Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and scheduling database.. Identified abnormal test results and referred them to the Clinical Laboratory Scientist for further review.. Properly calibrated and adjusted malfunctioning equipment to ensure precise test results. I'm proficient at ca, medical terminology, and front office knowledge general reception skills.]
17694454, [I got my associate of international business in international business   politics from monroe community college. As a Assistant, And my major duty is Establish and enforce rules for behavior, and procedures for maintaining order.. Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music, storytelling, and field trips.. Teach basic skills such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills.. Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health.. Read books to entire classes or to small groups.. Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers.. Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play.. Provide disabled students with assisting devices, supportive technology, and assistance accessing facilities such as restrooms.. Assimilate arriving children to the school environment by greeting them, helping them remove utterer, and selecting activities of interest to them.. Serve meals and snacks in accordance with nutritional guidelines.. Teach proper eating habits and personal hygiene.. Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities.. Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health-related problems, and discuss them with supervisors, parents or guardians, and child development specialists.. Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects, and communicate those objectives to children.. Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their children, and suggest ways that they can promote learning and development.. Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests.. Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provides students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate.. Arrange indoor and outdoor space to facilitate creative play, motor-skill activities, and safety.. Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative regulations.. Prepare and implement remedial programs for students requiring extra help.. Meet with other professionals to discuss individual students' needs and progress. I'm proficient at negotiation, speaking, and serve meals.]
99033098, [I got my high school diploma in general from marshfield high school. As a Chiropractor Assistant, I worked from October 2007 to September 2013. And my major duty is Receptionist, Greet and register arriving patients, Confirm insurance status, Record medical histories and any other relevant medical information, Abided by HIPAA laws regarding sharing of personal medical information, Room patients, Assist Chiropractors with certain procedures, Responsible for administering some physical therapy techniques, Educate patients, Patient scheduling, Checking out departing patients, Call and confirm appointments, Managing patients files, Managerial tasks, Bookkeeping, billing, employee payroll, bank deposits, Maintain and kept track of office supplies, Checking in and out chiropractic equipment and supplies, Keep waiting rooms and examination rooms clean, Microsoft Office proficiency and Excel spreadsheets. Receptionist, Greet and register arriving patients, Confirm insurance status, Record medical histories and any other relevant medical information, Abided by HIPAA laws regarding sharing of personal medical information, Room patients, Assist Chiropractors with certain procedures, Responsible for administering some physical therapy techniques, Educate patients, Patient scheduling, Checking out departing patients, Call and confirm appointments, Managing patients files, Managerial tasks, Bookkeeping, billing, employee payroll, bank deposits, Maintain and kept track of office supplies, Checking in and out chiropractic equipment and supplies, Keep waiting rooms and examination rooms clean, Microsoft Office proficiency and Excel spreadsheetsI worked from January 2005 to Current. And my major duty is Commercial and Private party house cleaning. Maintain lists of vacant apartment's that require housekeeping attention before the arrival of their next occupants. Responsible for cleaning commercial buildings, offices, restrooms and common areas. Restocking all toiletries, vacuum room carpets, and sweep, scrub, wax and polish floors using brooms, mops and powered scrubbing and waxing machines. Preparing surfaces with primer, apply layers of paint and hang wallpaper. Tidy up after finishing a job Accomplishments. I'm proficient at letters and memos, executive management support, and computer proficiency.]
38115035, [I got my information technology management in information technology management from west georgia technical healthcare. As a Cashier, And my major duty is Handled customer transactions such as sales and returns Greeted customers as they entered the store Answered and handled telephone inquiries Responsible for handling large amounts of cash Responsible for counting the contents of the cash register at the end of each shift Suggested products to customers according to the contents of their orders Maintained cleanliness and organization of the store's front end Maintained cleanliness and organization of store shelves and overstock Responsible for organizing returns for floor associates so they could restock the returns according to department. I'm proficient at experience with face to face customer service interaction, can create and maintain detailed records of any given project or task, and medical terminology.]
17857644, [I got my bachelors of arts   advertising   public relations in advertising   public relations from university of tampa. As a Catering Sales Intern, I worked from 01/2012 to 05/2012. And my major duty is I was involved in the marketing analysis for event planning and catered events. I assisted the Catering Sales Manager with client site visits and the distribution of promotional material. I contributed in the design layout of venues for catered events, weddings and corporate events, often working on weekends. I was able to interact with potential clients and staff by doing direct calls to local vendors in order to advertise our venue and promote events. I'm proficient at sharepoint, security, and training.]
12334650, [I got my bachelor of arts in computer media   media arts from the university of montana. As a Cashier, And my major duty is 1997 - 1998. Mastered Point of Sale (POS) computer system for automated order taking.. Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner.. Properly portioned and packaged take-out foods for customers.. Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.. Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues.. Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.. Followed all established restaurant practices and procedures.. Closely followed standard procedures for safe food preparation, assembly and presentation to ensure customer satisfaction.. Frequently washed and sanitized hands, food areas and food preparation tools. I'm proficient at adobe photoshop, phone, and powerpoint.]
36019469, [I got my bachelor of arts in elementary education from arizona state university. As a Assistant Manager/Local Store Marketing, And my major duty is Responsible for all store hiring including interviewing, paperwork, scheduling and training; including new managerial staff as well as associates. Executed many successful in store nonprofit fundraising events  Implemented grassroots community outreach efforts with schools, local businesses and organizations. Scheduled, staffed and trained employees for branding and fundraising awareness through community events such as 5k runs and events at Tempe Town Lake. Executed daily front and back of the house managerial duties including directing the work of 60 plus staff during high volume shifts. Managed guest relations, complaints and guest satisfaction. Responsible for budget management and food and materials ordering. Ensured employees followed OSHA and food handling standards to the highest degree I'm proficient at instructor, training, and programming.]
79432080, [I got my b   s   human development in human development from university of california city. As a Summer Programs and Arts Coordinator, I worked from 06/2007 to now.And my major duty is Created lesson plans and coordinating programming for children ranging between kindergarten and middle school.. Coordinated schedules, programs and gathered all supplies needs for different age groups.. Kept inventory of all office and art supplies required and ordered from various companies. I'm proficient at leadership, advertisements, and data entry.]
94230796, [I got my culinary arts in culinary arts from mcfatter technical high school. As a Hair Stylist, I worked from August 2007 to May 2008. And my major duty is Maintained a comprehensive understanding of the hair care industry and business operations.. Set goals and follow through. Quick thinker. Creative. Displayed understanding of, and respect for, people from diverse backgrounds. Listened actively and attentively. Coordination - Adjusted actions in relation to others' actions.. Tolerance due to time consuming styles I'm proficient at pageand credit.]
66226673, [I got my bachelor of science   recording arts in recording arts from northwestern michigan college. As a Internship, And my major duty is Responsible for editing and mixing pre-recorded programming. Understands proper broadcast etiquette and basic workflow of operating on-air programming ]
83206166, [I got my bachelor of arts in organizational leadership from fordham university. As a ASSISTANT MANAGER, I worked from September 2007 to April 2015. And my major duty is Responsible for managing the daily operations of a fast paced high volume Thai restaurant, including selection, development and performance management of employees.. Conducted weekly inventory and ordering of food and beverage supplies to optimize profits, stay within budget and ensure guest satisfaction.. Coordinated and designed menus for catering events (25 to 150 persons) such as weddings, memorials, anniversaries, birthdays, a variety of other life events and non-profit community benefits.. As the Head Waiter, my expectations were to display ingenuity, have an extremely high attention to detail, maintain a high profile during service and uphold and establish a regular customer base.. As well as being passionate, ensure that excellent quality and superb service is delivered to all customers.. Created weekly specials with the Head Chef the focused on in-season product from local farmers markets in the community.. California Food Handlers Card & ServSafe Food Safety Manager Certified. I'm proficient at receiving, benefits, and mailing.]
22182279, [I got my associate of arts in associate of arts   general education from santa ana college. As a Receptionist/Administrative Assistant, I worked from Apr 2006 to Nov 2006. And my major duty is Answering phones, paging, Faxing, Filing invoices, Distributing mail, stamping mail, Fed-ex, greeting vendors & applicants, filing out application, Microsoft word, Excel, keeping track of company directory.. Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.. Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.. Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.. Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.. Received and distributed faxes and mail in a timely manner.. Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.. Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop reports and lists. I'm proficient at data entry, microsoft office proficiency, and supply inventory.]
16887936, [I got my bachelor of arts in mass communications from a   m college. As a Contributing Writer, And my major duty is Managed editorial deadlines under the direction of the Creative Marketing Director Edited and maintained web content Assisted with feature writing and interviewed members of the community to develop newsworthy stories Managed social media accounts,  Facebook and Twitter, for theblvdmag.com Created press releases and promotional materials for distribution at local events.. Promoted targeted content through various social networking sites such as [Website] and [Website] and aggregators such as [Aggregator].. Traveled to location to write reviews from firsthand experience.. Managed all social media programs, including Internet forums, blogs, social networking applications and message boards.. Designed web and other content, including monthly newsletters and promotional calendars.. Proofread and reviewed all print and electronic content for correct grammar and adherence to house style.. Maintained awareness of digital trends and new emerging technologies and platforms. I'm proficient at desktop publishing software adobe indesign, public relations software mtr, and icontact.]
14248724, [I got my master of science   health sciences in  from st petersburg college. As a Dental Assistant, I worked from February 2003 to June 2005. And my major duty is Provided dental and hygiene assistance during surgery, services, and cleanings.. Maintained equipment and sterilized dental instruments.. Answered phone calls, schedules appointments, trained new employees on back office duties. I'm proficient at smoking cessation, dentrix dental software, and preventative care.]
69458502, [I got my bachelors of science   aerospace engineering in aerospace engineering from embry   riddle aeronautical university. As a Aerospace Engineer, I worked from 01/2014 to 01/2015. And my major duty is Member of the AIAA and the front line team that developed a novel cooling design system for turbine blades.. Throughout this process, computational fluid dynamic software (STARCCM) and CAD were highly implemented to simulate different geometries inside a wind tunnel.. Pressures, temperatures, velocities among other important physical quantities were analyzed in 40 different geometries.. This project contributed with the optimization process of turbine blades and aided them to achieve higher temperature levels and efficiency.. It is not a secret in today's industry that turbine engines are able to produce extremely high inlet temperatures when they implement cooling impingement, which allow them to cool down the system without harming the performance of the engine.. Also, it allows the engine to achieve higher efficiency levels.. Upon this experiment, a research paper was written and patented. I'm proficient at technical support, process piping, and semi conductor machine design.]
82738323, [I got my a   p license in naval aviation technical training   city   state   usa graduated top in class honor graduate a   p license      bakers school of aeronautics from bakers school of aeronautics. As a Aviation Mechanic, I worked from 06/2011 to Current. And my major duty is Performing line maintenance functions under the supervision of the Chief Mechanic including post flight inspections & routine servicing.. Performing troubleshooting functions on electrical, hydraulic, engine and airframe systems and components as required to support the aircraft's maintenance needs.. Performing heavy maintenance including the annual inspection, engine changes, gearbox changes, prop changes as required to support the aircraft's maintenance needs.. Troubleshooting inoperative or malfunctioning aircraft systems.. Maintains all required records of maintenance and repair to the airship as required by company policy and FAA regulations.. Replacing time or service-limited parts and/or aircraft appliances as needed or on a scheduled basis.. Performing preventive and corrective maintenance on aircraft and associated aircraft appliances in accordance with established schedules Researching and investigating possible solutions to engine, airframe, and associated appliance malfunctions.. Attending recurrent aircraft technical training to maintain professional currency. I'm proficient at and record keeping, yellow belt lean sigma certified, and knowledgeable of applicable local codes.]
16833515, [I got my ged in ged from high school diploma west orange stark city   state        ged west orange   stark high school. As a Shift Manager, I worked from May 2004 to June 2009. And my major duty is Managed the shift of ten to twenty-five staff.. Opened and closed the restaurant.. Cooked, served customers, cleaned the restaurant and stocked needed supplies.. Completed schedules and reviewed the staff.. Adhered to company standards and compliance requirements for operations and cleanliness of all areas.. Managed schedules, accepted time off requests and found coverage when shifts were short.. Tracked receipts, employee hours and inventory movements.. Trained and mentored new employees to maximize team performance.. Kept employees operating productively and working on task to meet business and customer needs.. Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting the contents of the cash register.. Described product to customers and accurately explained details and care of merchandise.. Shared best practices for sales and customer service with other team members to help improve the store's efficiency.. Assisted customers with food selection, inquiries and order customization requests.. Resolved all customer complaints in a professional manner while prioritizing customer satisfaction.. Recommended, selected and helped locate and obtain out-of-stock product based on customer requests.. Supervised and directed all merchandise and shipment processing.. Actively pursued personal learning and development opportunities.. Alerted customers to upcoming sales events and promotions.. Conducted weekly walk-throughs with the manager to discuss interior visual displays, including store window presentation.. Built long-term customer relationships and advised customers on purchases and promotions.. Processed cash and credit payments rapidly and accurately.. Participated in physical inventory counts every Opening and Closing of the store. I'm proficient at customer service oriented, apple, and data management.]
11804712, [I got my bachelor of science   technical management   occupational safety and health in technical management   occupational safety and health from coastline community college. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is United States Navy, Oak Harbor WA Aviation Maintenance & Production Manager, 8/2010 - Present Orchestrate aircraft maintenance activity across 12 work centers, supervising 200+ technicians in testing, troubleshooting, and upkeep of aircraft and engine subsystems on both fixed and rotor-wing models. Direct organizational-level and intermediate-level maintenance programs; implement policies, improve processes, and provide technical supervision and management control of programs impacting aircraft maintenance activities. Drive production quality control and administrative audits; collect, analyze, and interpret test data to provide senior leadership with crucial guidance for improving operational efficiency and performance. Key Contributions: Established schedules, organized workloads,and led multi-functional team to meet aggressive production timelines. − Completed 2,200 maintenance actions to keep seven H-60R/S helicopters, three P-8A, and two E-2D aircraft at peak airworthiness and operational readiness. Supervised all aspects of maintenance including calibration, repair, and replacement of damaged or unserviceable parts, components, and assemblies. − Overcame lack of available resources by manufacturing parts in-house, ensuring compliance with stringent specifications, tolerances, and quality standards. Steered development of logistics plans and documentation for implementing and sustaining P-8A logistics programs. − Conducted comprehensive evaluation of maintenance concept and tasks, logistics resources, and current policies and processes. − Isolated supportability / depot issues impacting P-8A program, and devised sound solutions, alternatives, and recommendations for achieving program objectives. United States Navy, Various locations Aviation Mechanic, 6/1994 - 8/2010 Skillfully performed scheduled / unscheduled and preventative maintenance across variety of aircraft models; led troubleshooting, removal, repair, modification, calibration, assembly, and quality assurance of mechanical and electrical systems, subsystems, airframes, power plants, engines, hydraulics, avionics, and associated support equipment (SE). Coordinated with technicians from multiple shops to drive work sequencing, scheduling, and priority changes; adapted procedures and resources to resolve problems arising from equipment failures, material delays, and labor shortages. Trained employees and inspected finished work to ensure adherence with quality standards; documented maintenance activity and submitted reports on schedule. Key Contributions: Demonstrated exceptional skill in diagnosing, isolating, and correcting technical problems, executing repairs and replacements quickly to minimize aircraft downtime. Interpreted and utilized maintenance instruction manuals, blueprints, schematics, and technical publications in conjunction with variety of test equipment including mechanical rpm test sets, engine, propeller, and turbine Vibration Analysis Test Set (VATS). Provided accountability for budgets, materials, inventories, and documentation; ensured all internal controls were in place and complied with to ensure transparency. − Enforced foreign object damage (FOD), hazardous waste, and tool control programs. Drew upon strong training and performance evaluation skills; coached, mentored, and guided junior mechanics to earn critical qualifications and meet performance standards. I'm proficient at security, accountability for, and training.]
21287405, [I got my bachelor of science   aviation management and operations in aviation management and operations from florida institute of technology. As a Delivery Driver, I worked from Nov 2015 to Mar 2016. And my major duty is Operated and maintained heavy equipment safely, including forklifts, stair climbers and pallet jacks.. Operated manual and mechanical equipment safely to minimize injury and accident risks.. Completed daily pre-trip inspection checklist before first delivery.. Directed efficient product loading and checked load balance to prevent on-the-road incidents.. Answered customer questions regarding shipments.. Conferred frequently with dispatch to meet delivery schedule targets and incorporate late adjustments.. Handled merchandise in accordance with product handling standards.. Operated delivery vehicles. four. days per week, averaging. 100 plus. miles on road and. over 100. customers served daily.. Delivered rush merchandise on tight schedules to meet customer targets.. Inspected and maintained gas, oil and water levels as well as tires, lights and brakes.. Satisfied recordkeeping demands with accurate invoicing, shipping paperwork coordination and daily logs outlining field activities.. Resolved customer complaints and adjusted orders.. Completed order forms and collected payments to keep customer accounts current.. Grouped and routed deliveries according to designated areas to maintain efficient delivery times.. Obtained signatures on all invoices and credits to stay on top of paperwork requirements.. Handled customer service complaints with utmost professionalism and knowledgeable responses to maintain trust and company loyalty.. Communicated frequently with dispatch to relay route changes and delays impacting customer delivery timetables. I'm proficient at team management, data management, and freight operations.]
10176815, [I got my bachelors of science in aeronautical science applied meteorology from tidewater community college. As a Aviation Electronics Technician, And my major duty is Worked in the Navy's largest intermediate maintenance department providing component level repair exceeding 260,000 components annually and valued at $557 million.. Incorporated and ensured strict attention to detail in repairing electrical aircraft systems using commercial and industry-standard equipment, such as oscilloscopes, digital multi-meters, logic analyzers, DAC converters, spectrum analyzers and signal generators all while contributing to 55% percent reduction in backlog.. Analyzed and resolved intricate automated test equipment problems and debugged complex computer generated data all while supporting 19 F/A-18 squadrons and 11 aircraft carriers.. Assembled, checked, handled, inspected, maintained, operated, reprogrammed, repaired and processed over 2,900 maintenance actions annually on classified F/A-18 specialized repair assemblies all while maintaining a 95% ready for issue rate.. Utilized technical manuals, wiring schematics, block diagrams, electrical schematics and drawings to rapidly isolate malfunctions in system wiring, sub assemblies and other components. I'm proficient at communicator, electrical schematics, and forms.]
29221006, [I got my CLS  what is your degree  SEP in CLS from southwest tennessee community college. As a Group Secretary, And my major duty is Supervisor: Bobbie Graham (901-544-1314).. Salary: 34,000.00  USD Per Year.. Hours Per Week: 40.. Series: 0318 Pay Plan: GS Grade: 05 I'm proficient at medical terminology, forms, and data entry.]
23761385, [I got my masters of business administration in accounting from saint leo university. As a Collections Manager, I worked from December 2000 to January 2003. And my major duty is Oversaw management of collections; providing leadership, training and performance analysis to ensure staff proficiency and compliance with all applicable laws governing debt collections.. Established personal financial plans by effectively interviewing clients to determine income status, present expenses, financial objectives and risk tolerance.. Developed, implemented and improved collection strategies and work plans to optimize collection performance and minimize expenditures.. Created a positive cash flow by successfully negotiating settlements for delinquent accounts.. Performed initial interviews of applicants, screened applications for Human Resources. I'm proficient at business management, strategic analysis, and human resources management.]
38355831, [I got my associate of science   aviation technology in CLS  what is your major    SEP  select one   turbomeca arriel   line   and   maintenance course      turbomeca training center city   state   usa completed turbomeca arriel   line   and   maintenance course conducted by turbomeca training center   model ec      bk    c    airframe field maintenance      american eurocopter training center city   state   usa completed model ec      bk    c    airframe field maintenance course conducted by american eurocopter training center   select one   bell model     electrical maintenance training      bell helicopter training academy city   state   usa completed model     electrical maintenance training course conducted by bell helicopter training academy   select one   rolls   royce model     series iv fadec training      rolls   royce city   state   usa completed rolls   royce model     series iv fadec training provided by rolls   royce regional manager greg houston   select one   human factors in maintenance      grey owl aviation consultants city   state   usa completed human factors in maintenance phase   conducted by grey owl   select one   bell model     field maintenance training course      bell helicopter training academy city   state   usa completed model     field maintenance training course conducted by bell helicopter training academy   select one   level   dye penetrate inspection      skywest airlines city   state   usa completed level   dye penetrate inspection   completed advanced systems training on all models of aircraft   associate of science   aviation technology from salt lake community college. As a Automotive Technician, I worked from 06/2003 to now.And my major duty is Automotive diagnosis and repair on Mitsubishi and Other brands of new and used cars. I'm proficient at electrical troubleshooting, aviation systems troubleshooting, and automotive diagnosis and repair.]
24773845, [I got my mba   management in criminal justice from jacksonville state university. As a Aviatiaon Unit Maintenance Platoon Leader, I worked from June 2009 to July 2010. And my major duty is Led, trained, and mentored 57 Soldiers of a multi-functional Aviation Unit Maintenance Company (AVUM) on the safe operation of all aviation ground support equipment and aviation specific tools; developed specific combat readiness-based training for deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom; served as first line supervisor for moral, domestic, and financial issues; responsible for the maintenance and support of 10 x UH-60L, 14 x CH-47F, and 12 x UH-60A+ helicopters.. Supervised scheduled maintenance and conducted comprehensive Phase Maintenance Inspections (PMI) for 11 x UH-60A/L Blackhawks and 11 x CH-47F Chinooks while operating in austere deployment conditions, completing these PMI's four days ahead of Department of Army Standards.. Balanced thousands of man hours of unscheduled maintenance while conducting PMI inspections which allowed the Task Force to fly an astounding 2,000 hours a month with no serious incidents.. Conducted 68 medical evacuation combat flight hours and transported 8 combat injured casualties to a higher level of care all the while running an arduous maintenance schedule earning the respect of peers and subordinates alike.. Chose an elite group of maintainers to deploy with myself as the advanced party to receive Task Force aircraft off of Air Force C-5 airplanes as they arrive in theatre to complete installation of combat equipment modifications, and test flights conducted to ensure all Task Force aircraft readiness to assume combat operations. I'm proficient at leadership, creative thinking, and government.]
17876954, [I got my associate of arts in mathematics from orange county community college. As a Shift Supervisor, And my major duty is Monitored employee performance and safety, conducting retraining to correct problems and optimize productivity.. Motivated team members to complete assigned tasks and perform at exceptional levels.. Sustained safety protocols to ensure proper, cost-effective and safe handling of equipment and materials.. Inspected incoming supplies to verify conformance with materials specifications and quality standards.. Collaborated with team members to improve performance and implement training updates.. Created and improved daily work plans for smoother operation, including planning production schedules and optimizing task flows.. Addressed employee and production issues to determine and implement optimal resolutions, preventing wasted resources and maintaining schedules.. Performed store opening and closing procedures, including setting up registers and checking products.. Patrolled work areas every hour to inspect operations, identify concerns and implement corrective actions.. Answered and resolved customer questions and concerns.. Resolved customer complaints and reported issues to senior management.. Sustained safety protocol to ensure proper, cost-effective and safe handling of equipment and materials.. Cleaned work areas regularly to keep team efficient and eliminate any safety concerns. I'm proficient at team management, project organization, and inventory management.]
36252245, [I got my high school diploma in high school from university of maryland. As a Ammunition Specialist, And my major duty is Ammunition Stock and Control Manager Supervised the receipt, storage, issue, and preparation of ammunition components and explosives valued at approximately five million dollars Supervised  ammunition stock control and accounting procedures for surveillance within the operating organization Conducted munitions inspections and tests; performed inspections of containers and vehicles transporting munitions to designated locations Developed and implemented organizational guidelines on standards for ammunitions operations Ensured proper execution of all organizational combat training requiring the use of explosives and ammunitions Severed with distinction in both the United States Marine Corps and Army and retired from  the Army with an Honorable rating Maintained 100 % accountability of ammunitions valued at $286 million dollars during a Joint Task Force with the United States and the Honduran military Maintained a 100% accident-free record while assigned as the Ammunition Stock Control Manager. I'm proficient at enterprise, processes, and data entry.]
32720816, [I got my bachelor   s degree   professional aeronautics management and aviation safety in professional aeronautics management and aviation safety from embry riddle aeronautical university. As a Lead Autonomous Ground Vehicle Installer, I worked from 08/2011 to 12/2011. And my major duty is Salary: 21.00  USD Per Hour Hours per week: 40 Supervisor: Jim Kennedy ((931) 303-1748) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Lifted and moved heavy boxes containing Pronto 4 autonomous vehicle kits into 50 brand-new Chevy Colorado vehicles for the U.S.. Navy's MLT (Mobile Land Target) Program.. Frequently operated underneath and inside vehicles at awkward angles to drill holes, lift out seats, remove airbags, and other tasks.. Utilized various PPE (glasses, gloves, steel toe boots, etc) around the vehicles during shifts.. Interpreted OEM instructions on installation and made on-the-fly changes to brake clamp installations as per request due to offsite testing.. Inspected each package and inventoried each part kit and signed off on installations to verify they were complete before moving on to the next vehicle.. Supervised our team and acted as a liaison for the Navy representative overseeing the operation.. Responsible for scheduling travel and hotel accommodations and payroll hours for the team. I'm proficient at materials, databases, and sales.]
36727173, [I got my  in CLS  what is your major    SEP  certificate of completion   basic leadership and military studies from CLS  what is your college    SEP. As a Aviation Supply Specialist, I worked from 05/2002 to now.And my major duty is The supply administration and operations OccFld includes aviation supply specialists who supervise, lead, or perform highly technical functions in the areas of aviation unique applications of managing, regulating, coordinating, or otherwise exercising control over supplies, equipment, or other material.  The work includes numerous phases of automated material management including initial planning, provisioning and requirements determination, acquisition and distribution, accountability, and ultimate issue for consumption, retention or disposal.  Fiscal accounting and purchasing procedures are performed in accordance with Federal Acquisition regulations.  Qualifications required include, personal computer operation skills, familiarity with terminology, proficiency in key boarding, basic understanding of data entry, application, and manipulation.  Duties involved administrative and government specific procedures for the use of material. I'm proficient at communication, inventory specialist, and leader.]
91431878, [I got my bachelor of science   mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from truckee meadows community college. As a Setup Department Mechanic, I worked from January 2005 to November 2007. And my major duty is Worked for for the largest motorcycle dealer/maintenance company in Reno Nevada.. July 2005 I was in charge of three personnel to build and deliver new vehicles and repair and deliver used vehicles under strict time constraints.. Job consisted of troubleshooting, ordering, and installing parts required for repair with maximum potential profit on used vehicles.. Ensuring safety of new and used vehicles before delivery to customers.. All customers receiving our products would receive a safety briefing and product demonstration before transferring possession. I'm proficient at experience troubleshooting and repairing, wings, and hydraulic.]
42546558, [I got my bachelor of arts   organizational leadership in organizational leadership from university of brandman. As a Administrative Assistant, I worked from July 2011 to December 2011. And my major duty is Secret security clearance Created weekly rotational day and night flight schedules on excel assigning aviators specific dates and times for potential flights enforcing fairness while maximizing productivity.. Filed all approved flight schedules as per the FAA Created battle rhythm books for missions and training with policies, procedures, directories, maps, schedules, all content needed as reference to complete specific missions.. Excellent communication skills by answering phone calls and relaying messages, sending out emails and replying to emails with a fast response time.. Prepared weekly reports of actual flight times, aviators and of aircrafts flown. I'm proficient at manager of funds, travel arrangements coordinator, and security clearance clearable.]
87826037, [I got my bachelor of science   aerospace engineering in aerospace engineering from california state polytechnic university. As a Guest Experiences Specialist, I worked from August 2012 to January 2013. And my major duty is Offer superior service to potential and actual guests to the museum according to established procedures.. Handle a large volume of in-person questions about The Tech Museum, exhibits, programs, films, special 	events as well as the downtown San Jose area.. Be knowledgeable about The Tech Museum's mission, programs and exhibits and stay current with the 	functioning of the entire institution.. Greet school groups by meeting teachers at buses outside the Group entrance, giving chaperone and student 	instructions to large groups Work collaboratively with other Guest Experiences staff, other museum staff and volunteers to provide an 	efficient and seamless experience for guests. I'm proficient at microsoft excel, microsoft powerpoint, and edge.]
17483843, [I got my aas in aas from national university. As a Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerk Supervisor, I worked from 03/2006 to 03/2007. And my major duty is Douglas Pippen, Tel: 619.405.6480,Salary: $55,000/yr, Hrs Worked: 40 Directly supervise 15+ military personnel.. Evaluate employees' work performance.. Promote team approach.. Share information and search for input from internal and external sources.. Maintain accurate documentation of all employees.. Mentor personnel.. TRAINING: Train and instruct staff on company procedures, updates, and regulations.. Present briefings, training and information sessions to large and small groups.. EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE: Set up and operate ground support and test equipment to perform functional flight tests of electrical and electronic systems.. Test and troubleshoot instruments, components, and assemblies, using circuit testers, oscilloscopes, or voltmeters.. Keep records of maintenance and repair work.. Adjust, repair, or replace malfunctioning components or assemblies, using hand tools or soldering irons.. Connect components to assemblies such as radio systems, instruments, magnetos, inverters, and in-flight refueling systems, using hand tools and soldering irons.. Assemble components such as switches, electrical controls, and junction boxes, using hand tools or soldering irons.. Fabricate parts and test aids as required.. COORDINATION / COLLABORATION: Coordinate work with that of engineers, technicians, and other aircraft maintenance personnel.. Interpret flight test data to diagnose malfunctions and systemic performance problems.. Install electrical and electronic components, assemblies, and systems in aircraft, using hand tools, power tools, or soldering irons.. Coordinated the logistics with Battalions that were supporting operations overseas, training missions, and maintained a strict flight schedule.. Developed new plans at a fast paced when any changes occurred due to flight schedule delays, or weather issues.. Conducted baggage inspections, vehicle transportation of passengers/cargo safety onto the flight line, assessed all Hazmat spills in accordance with our Hazmat Manual, maintained control of over 600+ Marines/DoD components, assembled safety briefs to over 5,000+ Marines, and DoD components.. Executed the upload/download on multiple military cargo planes in a fast paced environment efficiently and an all-weather environment, on military cargo planes and commercial aircraft by establishing communication with the load planner/pilot and assisting in any request that were needed to make the mission operational.. Safely planned the transportation of all passengers/cargo by being familiar with: key personnel, load plans, cargo manifest, flight line safety, and passenger manifest.. Screened classified and unclassified cargo for correct classification/labeling that will meet military air standards for travel.. Organized labor for loading/unloading all cargo by calculating personnel needed for different missions to keep the safety of 50+ workers a priority on the flight line.. Engineered passengers manifest with the Global Air Transportation Execution System (GATES).. Projected purchase/procurement methods to meet military budget to purchase supplies needed for the traveling DoD personnel. I'm proficient at ca, technical project management, and six sigma.]
22232367, [I got my associate of science   computer science city   state   usa seeking degree in computer science and information in computer science city   state   usa seeking degree in computer science and information from florida state college of jacksonville. As a Aviation Data Analyst E-6, I worked from February 1999 to October 2004. And my major duty is Proven Aviation Data Analyst for the U.S. Navy at Naval Air Station Jacksonville, FL. supporting numerous aircraft and types of ground support equipment. Performed a variety of functional processes using NTCSS Desktop II. Changes NTCSS passwords, monitors and manages print request and printer configurations, monitors system information, changes application process limits. Maintained system security. Inputs, extracts, analyze and validate maintenance data; develops and interprets management reports, monitor input of data and the parameters for up-line reporting and related interface requirements. Performed analysis of aviation 3M data as directed and in support of the Naval Aviation Maintenance Program. Regularly prepared highly detailed data summaries and reports using SQL ad hocs, spreadsheet, graphical, narrative, and oral presentations.. Increased analytical focus on vital source documents led to a 50% decrease in component turnaround time from 7.4 days to 3.7 days and a 45% increase in corrosion man-hour documentation from 4,950 hours to over 9,000 hours. Expert analytical ability allowed for the timely implementation and accurate management of the Aviation Financial Analysis Tool (AFAST) application which was directly responsible for saving the command over 3.7 million dollars. I'm proficient at technical support, documenting, and subject matter expert.]
70198580, [I got my mba   management in management from university of phoenix. As a SUpply Chain Management Technician/ Aircraft Maintenance, I worked from July 2003 to July 2009.  I'm proficient at full understanding of all applicable policies, demonstrates initiative and proven ability to effectively manage cost of a business, and demonstrated ability to apply applicable codes and regulations.]
67631413, [I got my business in business from computer learning center business school. As a Aviation Safety Assistant, I worked from January 1998 to October 2015. And my major duty is In my position as the Aviation Safety Assistant for operations I perform administrative tasks such as preparing travel arrangements and assisting with investigations by gathering information and drafting correspondence and reports for enforcements, accidents, incidents and complaint investigations,. I maintain and coordinate the calendars, and schedules for my unit, and maintaining l confidential files, the Facility Emergency Security Plan and the telephone availability list to insure daily office coveraged.. I enter payroll data, assist with the labor distribution reports, and insure accuracy on all operation's correspondence before they leave the office.. Additionally I provide daily customer service and have been awarded customer service awards and recognitions along with 3 administrative employee of the year awards.. Utilizing my programming, web designing and software education, I have created and maintained several useful SharePoint Databases and forms.. In order to maintain the reliability of the SharePoint I perform weekly backups, manage users and continuously add new features and information as needed while providing training to all employees on the workings of SharePoint.. I have received time off awards and other recognitions on three separation occasions for my accomplishments in significantly reducing the workload associated with former tedious reporting processes.. I have also trained and assisted five other office Employees on the building of their SharePoint databases and on setting up user permissions. I'm proficient at administrative skills, highly motivated, and customer service.]
26819872, [I got my usmc active forklift license in material control management from usmc. As a FEMALE ENGAGEMENT TEAM LIAISON/ PLATOON LEADER, And my major duty is Successfully completed a 5 month, Pre-Afghanistan deployment training consisting of an Enhanced Marksmanship Program, Improvised Explosive Device Training, Casualty Assessment, Immediate Action Drills, Combat Lifesaving, Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape Training, Peacetime Governmental Detention/ Hostage Detention, Basic Combat Trauma Training for Tactical Operator, Call for Medevac, Human Terrain Cross Cultural Engagement Training, Combat Lifesaving/ Live Tissue Training, Search Procedures, and Pastu/Dari Language Training all contributing to the completion of a successful tour in Musa Qal'eh.. Served as the Team Leader for the 3rd Battalion, Second Marines District Stabilization Thematic Team, and providing expert guidance during the Battalion's critical health, education, and Intelligence Oversight planning meetings.. Submitted 125 After Action Reports to include a detailed summary of all operations, patrols and engagements that the team participated in within a time frame of 48 hours from the end of the mission via e-mail through a Secret Internet Protocol Router Network to the FET Headquarters in order to provide a timely assessment of all Intel of the Area of Operation.. Coordinated and scheduled the employment for three FETs, a total of six Marines and one Corpsman, each within the Musa Qal'eh District Center, Nowzad District Center and Shir-Ghazay directing the strategic initiatives to achieve the completion and staffing of the first and only Women's Center in Musa Qal'eh which provided a safe location for women and girls to meet and receive literacy and health classes all taught by the FET, to be continued by the local women.. Awards and Recognitions.. Received a Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as squad leader,2nd Platoon, Female Engagement Team, 2nd Marine Division (Forward) for having coordinated three Female Engagement teams and led over 85 missions, engaged more than 1900 local nationals during 1300 engagements while serving in direct support of 3rd Battalion, 2nd Marine Regiment from March 2011 to October 2011.. Received A Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal while serving as a Maintenance Material Control Expeditor while in support of the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit from January 2009 to July 2009 for uncompromising work ethic, daily determination, and unique skill to liaison with both civilian and military supply systems enabling VMA-211 to fully support 31st MEU operations.. Received a Certificate of Commendation while serving as Expeditionary Airfields Supply Warehouse Clerk during the Commanding Generals Inspection 2 August 2010 to 6 August 2010 for superior leadership, organizational skills and managerial abilities.. Received a Letter of Appreciation for volunteering to teach, mentor, and educate newly promoted Corporals within the Marine Wing Support Squadron 271 during the Squadron's Non-Commissioned Officer Transition Course on NCO Suicide Prevention. I'm proficient at leadership, e mail, and six sigma.]
13234267, [I got my master   s   strategic studies        us army war college   city   state   us us army war college carlisle   pa united states master   s degree in  from us army war college. As a COL, I worked from April 1993 to January 2013. And my major duty is Montana Army National Guard Fort Harrison, MT 59636 United States 04/1993 - I serve as the Director of Aviation and Safety for the Montana Army National Guard. I am the principal advisor to the Adjutant General for all Army aviation activity. In this capacity my duties include budget development and execution, training development, safety management and accident investigations, ground and air logistical management, and aircraft maintenance management. While in the National Guard, I have served progressively upward as a battalion intelligence officer, company commander, battalion executive officer, State area command training officer, Chief of Standards and Training, Aviation Brigade executive officer while deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom, and at present, the highest ranking aviation officer for the State. In each capacity, I had direct contact with aviation maintenance and training at the tactical level. With qualifications as a flight instructor and instrument examiner, I also assist units with their training requirements. I have an active role with each units' safety program by training to standards and evaluating flight performance. I serve on a safety council that identifies, assesses, and mitigates hazards. I coordinate with the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Guard Bureau for aviation safety related issues. Through a competitive process, I was selected to attend the US Army War College through its distance learning program. I graduated in 2013 with a degree of Masters of Strategic Studies. Supervisor: COL Jeff Ireland (4063243003) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Dept of Military Affairs 1956 Mt Majo Street Fort Harrison, MT 59636 United States 08/2010 - Present Supervisory Aircraft Pilot (This is a federal job) Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: I supervise an Army Aviation Support Facility consisting of 63 employees that perform maintenance and flight training for the Montana Army National Guard. My mission is to direct the maintenance for 22 helicopters and train the 140 assigned aircrew members. In addition, I provide on the job training for all aviation support soldiers in the skill specialties of supply, petroleum operations, avionics, sheet metal, engine repair, life support equipment, flight operations, firefighting, quality assurance, and ground support equipment repair. The missions for the assigned military units include medical evacuation, troop insertions and extractions, cargo resupply, and reconnaissance for counter narcotics. I am responsible for providing a work environment that complies with all Office of Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) regulations. I insure compliance with fiscal law, Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR), Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO), logistics accountability, and environmental law. I serve as a Management representative on the Labor Relations Board. I develop training relationships with federal, tribal, state, and local agencies so as to better respond to natural and man made disasters. I maintain helicopter instructor qualifications to directly assist with aircrew training. In the event of an aviation incident, I am responsible for the immediate response, scene preservation, and subsequent investigation or handoff to the US Army Combat Readiness Center (CRC). The Adjutant General of the State of Montana appointed me to the state accident investigation board to insure correct and accurate investigations are conducted. Supervisor: COL Jeff Ireland (4063243003) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Dept of Military Affairs - Montana Helena, MT United States 05/1993 - 08/2010 Supervisory Aircraft Flight Instructor (This is a federal job) Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: 1. -Direct and coordinate all flight operations and training for the Army Aviation Support Facility and its supported military units. 22 aircraft and approximately 140 air crew members are assigned. 2. -Plan work assignments and professional development for subordinates. I supervise 12 employees whose duties include flight instruction, aviation safety, workplace safety, aviation life support repair, supply, flight operations, and firefighting. I perform duties as the Facility commander in his absence. 3. -Instruct, train, and evaluate pilots. I am an active instructor in the UH60 Blackhawk and its associated synthetic flight training system. 4. -Fund manager for training accounts. I account for training expenditures and advise the Commander weekly. 5. Investigate aircraft mishaps in accordance with US Army regulations. 6. Promote and instruct safety initiatives. 7. Coordinate with federal, state, and local authorities for crisis response. Supervisor: COL Scott Smith (4063243033) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes US Army FT Rucker, AL United States 06/1985 - 01/1993 US Army Aviation Officer Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills: While on active duty, I performed a variety of duties to include rotary wing instructor pilot, assistant operations officer, section leader, platoon leader, executive officer, and detachment commander. I served in a general aviation company and an aviation training company while stationed at FT Rucker, AL. I served as a unit Commander and a fixed wing pilot in command in a military intelligence - low intensity battalion forward deployed in Honduras. I am branch qualified as a US Army aviation officer and as a military intelligence officer. I'm proficient at petroleum, instructor, and training.]
26888302, [I got my bachelor of science chemical engineering in chemical engineering from new jersey institute of technology city. As a Analytical Chemist, And my major duty is Conducted analysis of petroleum hydrocarbons, extraction of oil and grease, biological oxygen demand, and total organic carbon.. Prepared standard and buffer stocks, blanks and spikes for determining of analysis.. Managed and supervised the project sampling and analysis plan; converted data into a field executable sampling plan, securing laboratory services, ordering project supplies, and providing chains of custodies; demonstrated ability in providing expert opinion and results interpretation of data quality and usability to the project teams or regulatory customers to meet company regulatory deliverables and milestones. I'm proficient at processes, receiving, and oil.]
13195436, [I got my ba of science in public safety and emergency management from foothill college. As a Aviation Egress and Environmental Control Systems Technician, And my major duty is Trained over 800 sailors in aviation maintenance practices and repair of F/A-18A/B/C/D/E/F  aircraft egress, environmental and cryogenics systems.. Attended Advanced Egress and Environmental Control Systems Maintenance Courses, gaining vast knowledge in troubleshooting Egress, Environmental Control and Cryogenics Systems.. Maintained/repaired Egress, Environmental Control and Cryogenic Systems on over 300 F/A-18A/B/C/D/E/F aircraft.. Worked flight controls, power plants and related equipment as full systems Quality Assurance Representative.. Excellent Schematic/technical manual/diagram interpretation. I'm proficient at leadership, book, and configuration management.]
81588968, [I got my high school diploma   air conditioning and refrigerant in air conditioning and refrigerant from georgetown high school. As a Aviation Ordnanceman First Class, I worked from April 1999 to May 2004. And my major duty is 40 hours per Week; Aviation Ordnance man; $40,000 per Annum; last promoted Not Specified; permanent employee; not on a temporary promotion; USS DWIGHT D.. EISENHOWER, MICHEAL WATTS , UNKNOWN ; may contact supervisor.. Directly supervised over 8 personnel in the breakout, strike up, and stowage of conventional forward firing and precision guided weapons resulting in 100 percent mission success.. Efficiently pre-staged, assembled, dissembled and transferred over 300,000 pounds of ammunition and 19 air-to air missiles.. Updated MAPA C daily for inventory and accountability of ordnance materials used in preparation to support ships and squadrons daily flight schedule.. Conducted weekly tag-out audits over 200 danger tags and assisted managing ship's force work permits and work packages.. Trained and qualified over 200 shipboard personnel to properly operate the 9m pistol, 12 gauge shotguns, M-14, M-16 rifle and the M-60 machine gun in support of increased shipboard security measures.I worked from March 1996 to April 1999. And my major duty is 40 hours per Week; Aviation Ordnance man; $30,000 per Annum; last promoted Not Specified; permanent employee; not on a temporary promotion; Navy munitions Command CONUS East Division , 255 Ironmonger Road Norfolk Va.. 23511; Carol Green , (757)443-0800 ; may contact supervisor.. Transship and inventory control of all material handing operation in a safe, efficient and cost effective environment.. Excellent planner and organizer: Directly responsible for the safe upload and download of200 trucks, three Battle Groups and two Amphibious Groups with over 10,000 ton of ordnance per week in support of Operations.. The catalyst behind the wall to wall inventory of 43 magazines containing over 500 line items of ammunition material, managing the documentation and correction of all discrepancies for the inventory sampling program.. In charge of 10 high risk magazines.. Semi-Tractor trailer driver in support of over 5 different line items to/from tenant commands worth over $200 million.. Also, verified that all proper papers and documentation was processed for shipment or general cargo and code on government bills of landing (GBL), commercial bills of landing (CBL) or manifests.. Unitize, palletize, package, marks and labels in accordance with standard safety, material movement and packing procedures and requirements have met in preparation for final inspection.. Provided all request support for all branches of military and Department of Defense personnel. I'm proficient at draw, direction, and government.]
18268860, [I got my b   s   riddle aeronautical university   professional aeronautics in aeronautics from riddle aeronautical university. As a Aviation Structural Mechanic / Grade E-5, I worked from 10/1999 to 10/2007. And my major duty is Eight years of active duty service in the Navy (Honorable Discharge) Installed/replaced pneumatic actuators and servos, landing gear and flight controls on the F/A-18 hornet.. On board the USS Nimitz CVN-68 Aircraft Carrier for a six-month deployment during Operation Iraqi Freedom.. Collateral Duty Inspector inspecting 14-day, 28-day, daily, and turnaround inspections ensuring aircraft airworthiness prior to flight. I'm proficient at inspector, blueprints, and catia v.]
14790629, [As a Lead Flight Attendant, And my major duty is Managed a crew of five flight attendants; performing all necessary flight attendant duties pertaining to in- flight safety and customer service; Verify that first aid kits and other emergency equipment, including fire extinguishers and oxygen bottles, are in working order within FAA limits.. Inspect and clean cabins, checking for any problems and making sure that cabins are in order.. Ensured passenger safety and customer satisfaction according to FAA and company policies; Answered passengers' questions about flights, aircraft, weather, travel routes and services, arrival times, and/or schedules.. Assist passengers while entering or disembarking the aircraft.. Assist passengers in placing carry- on luggage in overhead, garment, or under-seat storage.. Trained and mentored new flight attendants; Participating in training programs organized by company and provide update on all techniques relevant to safety.. Maintained high level of personal decorum and professional conduct while in uniform.. Operate audio and video systems. I'm proficient at leadership, inventory management, and customer satisfaction.]
12144825, [I got my bachelor of science in electrical engineering from university of cincinnati city. As a Software Engineering Co-op, I worked from 03/2010 to now.And my major duty is Wrote a Perl script that scanned a file directory tree and converted every file (proprietary file format) into an Excel compatible CSV format.. Designed an algorithm in Visual Basic to identify and make changes to the bad sectors in the data. I'm proficient at engineer, bash, and php.]
90318913, [I got my mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering from feati university city. As a Mechanical Engineer / Section Head, I worked from 11/1995 to now.And my major duty is Over all in-charge in the operation and maintenance of 6 water treatment plants, 2 waste water treatment plants, 8 sewage lifting stations, 15 deep well pumping stations and 2 swimming pools.. Supervise in the excavation and installation of sewer line from the workers accommodation up to the waste water treatment plant with two lifting stations.. Monitor and supervise in the excavation and installation of uPVC pipes for potable water and irrigation water in the officers housing Villas. Replacing the old corroded and weak pipes.. Review all the proposals of the different contractor for the new 2 water treatment plants and submit recommendations to the officer in-charge.. Check our daily, weekly and monthly reports that includes also the water analysis of the raw and product waters of the waste water treatment plants and the water treatment plants.. Inspect the work of the contractor that digs and bore new wells and also in the installation, testing and commissioning of deep well pumps. I'm proficient at problem solver, design of controls for pumps and motors installation of swimming pool heaters, and trouble shooting.]
26279402, [I got my welding in welding from tidewater tech school of welding. As a Aviation Ordnanceman, And my major duty is While assigned to the USS NIMITZ (CVN 68), from December 1997 to March 2004 as a 3M Zone Inspector during a 3 year Refueling Carrier Overhaul period, I was directly responsible for coordinating the efforts between 300 shipyard workers and 25 Navy Officers and Chiefs for over 40 Navy ship zones in which was recognized for maintaining an 85 % on time delivery rate.. While assigned to the USS CARL VINSON (CVN 70), from April 2004 to January 2007 as the Work Center Control Representative for Weapons Department; I prepared, controlled, documented, planned, and accounted for over 250 work candidates required for reentry work onboard the carrier in the shipyard.  Also I coordinated the work activities between the Navy, shipyard, and other subcontractors  for multiple systems and equipment that have been expected and turned over to the Navy ahead of schedule.. While assigned to NAS Patuxent River form January 2007 to May 2010 as the Leading Petty Officer of Armament Weapons Support Equipment, supervising 17 military and 12 contract civilians responsible for custody and upkeep of 309 IMRL items valued at $4.7 million.  The 17 personnel assigned process 300 maintenance actions quarterly IAW the Naval Aviation Maintenance Program, to ensure the availability of the Safe and Ready For Issue equipment for 50 tenant commands. ​. While assigned to the USS Harry S. Truman  (CVN 75 ), from May 2010 to January 2012 as the Ship Safety Petty Officer.  Assists the Ship Safety manager in coordinating the implementation of the Navy Occupation Safety and Health (NAVOSH) Program, Traffic Safety Program, Recreational, Athletics and Home Safety Program.  Performs administrative and record keeping functions in support of the command safety organization.  Identify hazards, unsafe work practices, and health conditions.  Assists in the evaluation of workplace hazards, including periodic workplace monitoring.  Prepares various safety and mishap reports, maintains hazard abatement program documentation, and aids in mishap investigations, I'm proficient at weapons, test equipment, and vertical.]
94137171, [I got my bachelor of arts   business management in business management from curry college. As a Payer Relations Coordinator, I worked from 10/2008 to 11/2011. And my major duty is Served as the BWPO central contact for the quarterly submission of International Accounts for review to the BWH International Office.. Answered inquiries from the international office, distributed correspondence and payments to appropriate BWPO departments.. Managed functions related to the international collection agency utilized by the BWPO; responds to inquiries from the agency, verified payments received on accounts, coordinated paying of collection fee invoices, managed distribution of status reports to BWPO departments. I'm proficient at powerpoint, office, and inventory levels.]
27902692, [I got my computer information system   network engineering in computer information system   network engineering from florida atlantic university. As a Network Administrator, I worked from Feb 2006 to Mar 2016. And my major duty is Establishes networking environment by designing system configuration; directing system installation; defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards.. Maximizes network performance by monitoring performance; troubleshooting network problems and outages; scheduling upgrades; collaborating with network architects on network optimization.. Secures network system by establishing and enforcing policies; defining and monitoring access.. Reporting network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information; managing projects.. Maximizing corporate network services uptime.. Giving over the phone, email and remote support to customers.. Implementing network security measures to protect data, software, and hardware.. Utilizes Active Directory to manage user accounts, create groups, and computer accounts Administering a Microsoft Windows Server network of servers.. Investigating problems and then making technical recommendations.. Resolving network operational issues.. Installing and testing server software on a variety of platforms.. Professional Accomplishment: Successfully migrated users and computers from Novell NetWare to Microsoft Active Directory Successfully upgraded Windows Server 2003 Server to Server 2008 Successfully upgraded Windows Server 2008 Server to Server 2012 Successfully upgraded network infrastructure and configured Cisco 2950 switches for 66 Federal Contract Towers in the State of Florida Successfully migrated Computers and users from windows XP to Windows 7.And my major duty is Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills.. Trained new employees and explained protocols clearly and efficiently.. .And my major duty is Troubleshot hardware issues and worked with service providers to facilitate repairs.And my major duty is Created new account, reset passwords and configured access for users.. Troubleshot hardware issues and worked with service providers to facilitate repairs.. Developed documentation for common processes for both support staff and end-users. I'm proficient at technical documentation, six sigma, and novell netware.]
28186635, [I got my  in  from . As a Aviation Repair Supervisor, I worked from Jan 1999 to Jan 2005. And my major duty is Oversaw aviation repair program, creating and revising safety standard operating procedures (SOPs), collaborating with multiple agencies to unify systems and implement best practices.. Identified environmental training needs, developed training budget requirements, and managed aviation based inspection records involving procedurally following all government regulatory compliance.. Led mishap investigations and performed daily safety inspections for multiple units, conducting site reviews, performing safety audits, and reviewing reports.. Provided safety indoctrination and education for civilian and military personnel, developing specialized training, regarding OSHA requirements, and hazard control fundamentals and techniques. I'm proficient at government, air force, and policy development.]
42641525, [I got my associate of applied science   manufacturing engineering in manufacturing engineering from highline community collage. As a Air Traffic Controller, I worked from 08/1983 to 12/2015. And my major duty is While working more than 32 years as an En Route Air Traffic Controller (ATCS) in the En Route environment, I maintained the safe, orderly, and expeditious flow of air traffic in the NAS. I was an expert at various disciplines of air traffic control while maintaining at least the minimum separation standard's, and adhering to procedures and regulation as set forth by the Federal Aviation Administration.I worked from 04/2013 to 01/2015. And my major duty is Was a National En Route Automation Modernization (ERAM) Subject Mater Expert (SME) and visited 16 En-Route Air Traffic Control Centers (ARTCC) and identified ERAM anomalies. In addition to documenting ERAM's undesirable process, also recommending adaptation changes that resulted in the desired behavior for the affected facility. When not documenting ERAM anomalies, or consulting on ERAM work-a-rounds, I conducted training of the controllers at the sectors working traffic, concerning ERAM functionality. During my collateral duties as an IOA team member and a National ERAM SME, I was able to maintain my currency every month, and conducted OJT.I worked from 09/2008 to 04/2013. And my major duty is Served as a National SME on the FAA's Independent Operational Assessment (IOA) team. As a team member I collected data and collaborated on the final report concerning the operational readiness for ERAM's National Deployment.. 28 years of experience working transition sectors from domestic Air Traffic Services to Oceanic Air Traffic services. This airspace required manual coordination on route, altitude and time estimates with Oakland Oceanic sectors; as well as establishing oceanic separation standers for the affected flight before entering an oceanic sector. This Radar-Non Radar environment required me to correlate flight plans with incoming and outgoing tracks, and either terminate or re-identify the flight in a Radar environment.. Worked Arrival and Departure traffic In and out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) for 32 years. This required closely working with a level 5 Approach control, facilitating the separation of aircraft during the transition phase of a flight from the terminal to the En Route environment. This requires a strong working knowledge of geography for expediting flight on their flight plans, while working within flow control restriction, weather, and volume limitations. And before the wide acceptance of GPS navigation this required long range vectoring, which required consideration of weather and traffic situations. Sequenced traffic for Seattle Approach (S46) from high sectors (above FL230) and low sectors (below FL240) as well as converging routes, in sectors that were over the Cascade Mountains, which introduced weather, and train factors.. With 28 years of experience working aircraft in a transitional phase of flight (back and forth from terminal and En Route) I have extensive knowledge and experience with different types of route structures including the new Advanced R-NAV SID's and STAR's with their descend and climb via phases of transitioning to and from the En Route to Terminal environment. As well as more conventional types of En Route navigation like Jet routs, victor airway, "Q" routs, "K" fixes, as well as point-to point GPS/RNAV/ Latitude/longitude Navigation, and conventional SID's and STAR's.. I worked daily military training flights on IR and VR routes, airspace reservation both moving ALTRAV and special Use airspace (SUA). I have experience with Naval (P3, F18, E2, A6 and EA6 aircraft, Air force (F16, F15, F4, C17, C141, KC35, B2 and B52), Army (A10, UH60, and AH64), and Air National Guard (F4, F15 and F16) and their missions. The sectors I was certified on had Naval, Air force, and Army bases and a joint civilian/Air National Guard base. My experience involves clearing fighters into and recovering fighters from special use airspace, as well as air refueling missions and helicopters for the Army back and forth from base to training grounds.. Controlled cross border flights between the USA and Canada for over 32 years. Experience includes passing manual time estimates, flight plans, and making and taking manual hand offs via voice calls. Also experience at some of the limitations of CATTS (the Canadian version of ERAM) and ERAM's interfaces are.. Have 32 years experience providing approach control services at uncontrolled, and tower controlled airports. One of the tower-controlled airports was Paine Field in Everett, WA. Pain field (PAE) is a key airport in the Boeing Company manufacturing process, and worked closely with Boeing in their testing and certification process for new airplanes. Also Pain field is an airport that many new pilots would go and do multiple practice approaches for training. This environment meant the traffic pattern at Paine field had a large variety of aircraft, Large commercial aircraft, navy fighters and small single engine trainers, this required the  separation and sequence the traffic but apply wake turbulence procedures in many instances. While providing approach control services at PAE, we meet the requirements to use 3NM separation in most of the area. This required vigilantes as to how fare the aircraft was from the RADAR antenna, and adding to the complexity of this particular airspace, was the West side was over water, or low lying land; but the train rose very quickly to the East, required different techniques for lost com or vectoring to the final approach course.. Preformed duties as a SME in Plans and Programs (ZSE-510) consulting on the feasibly of releasing equipment to Airways and Facilities for maintained.. Preformed SME duties in Airspace (ZSE-520) working on letters of agreements with adjacent facilities, as well as airspace changes. During My involvement as an Airspace SME, I was part of a team that was involved in some major sector realignments that facilitated arrivals and departures from the South and East at SEA; as well as traffic transiting between Seattle (SEA) and Portland OR (PDX). During this realignment we also collaborated on procedures and sector alignment for Vancouver Canada (YVR) Arrivals and Departures from the South. Also I was also involved in the initial stages of National High Altitude Redesign.. April 1991 I was certified as a Controller in Charge (CIC). As CIC I was responsible for the same tasks that a First Line supervisor would for dally operations. Assigning work, opening and closing sectors, handling Emergences, and approving leave and shift changes with in prescribed guild lines.. December 1987 I was certified as an On The Job Instructor (OJTI).. November 1986 I Certified as a Certified Professional Controller (CPC) in Area C of Seattle ARTCC. Then in September 1988 I voluntary transferred to Area A at Seattle ARTCC, and became area rated May 1989 until retirement January 2016. I'm proficient at en route air traffic controller, i am very accomplished ojti that is able to train many different learning styles, and good listing skills.]
34419403, [I got my international business in international business from international business. As a Office Assistant, And my major duty is Perform receptionist duties when needed.. Maintain trusting relationships with suppliers, customers and colleagues.. Sort and distribute mail in a timely manner.. Resolve office-related malfunctions and respond to requests or issues.. Create and update records ensuring accuracy and validity of information. I'm proficient at achieves business and individual developmental goals, typist, and and staff.]
43720116, [I got my master of science in civil engineering from rutgers university. As a Summer Aviation Intern, And my major duty is Assisted the Port Authority's Manager of Structural Integrity.. Presented summaries of engineering reports to PA technical and non-technical staff.. Compiled and organized Safety and Priority Repair data from numerous inspection reports.. Inspected bridge components alongside members of Port Authority's Engineering Division.. Created details for the repair of longitudinal cracking along roadway, and the remediation of cracked catch basin, as well as cost estimates.. Gathered information on tenant employees to be relocated; generated cubicle plan for new tenant building. I'm proficient at macros, layout, and producing.]
15618327, [I got my certificate   basic intructor      department of the navy   city   state   united states certification   lean six sigma green belt      department of the navy   city   state   united states certificate   lean six sigma black belt      villanova university   city   state   united states certificate   logistics supply chain improvement practitioner in logistics supply chain improvement from villanova university. As a Aviation Maintenance Administrative Specialist, I worked from 06/2001 to 06/2005. And my major duty is Maintain aircraft log books, naval aircraft maintenance publications/files, and prepare reports, logs records, directives, and correspondence in an aircraft maintenance and repair activity.. Training as data processing equipment operators, perform duties on data entry equipment, and supervise the maintenance administration functions within the unit.. Set up, operate, and perform minor maintenance on Naval Aviation Logistics Command Management Information System (NALCOMIS) hardware and its associated remote peripheral subsystems.. Analyze control charts, program maintenance and man-hour statistical information to aid the maintenance managers and logisticians in the performance of their assigned tasks. I'm proficient at enterprise, adobe, and inventory management.]
14589288, [I got my high school diploma in high school from high school. As a Aviation Machinist Mate, I worked from 09/2000 to now.And my major duty is Supervised 60 maintainers.. Performed scheduled and unscheduled flight line maintenance of 16 Sikorsky MH-53E's.. Full system QAR.. Aircraft vibration analysis and rotor tracking systems certified.. Performed work center audits on tool control, maintenance publications, FOD program and safety.. Flightline Troubleshooting. Knowledgeable in hydraulic systems, flight controls, sheet metal, power plants, landing gear systems, transmissions, drive systems, composite blade repair, tire and wheel maintenance and fuel systems.. Overhauled F-110 GE Powerplants for the Navy's fleet of F-14's. Overhauled F-404-GE-400 and 402 High Pressure Compressor modules for the Navy's fleet of F-18's. Collateral duty inspector for both engine platforms.I worked from 05/1999 to now.And my major duty is Entry level mechanic T-34 Mentor.. Performed scheduled maintenance.. Introduced to aircraft systems and functions. I'm proficient at blade track and balance, intermediate maintenance, and powerplant.]
43408471, [I got my masters of arts   homeland security   intelligence studies in homeland security   intelligence studies homeland security   intelligence studies degree ba   homeland security from lee college. As a Correctional Officer, I worked from March 2005 to March 2009. And my major duty is Physically restrained individuals when disturbances required physical intervention.. Escorted inmates to and from cells, court, hospitals and medical appointments.. Maintained the custody and control of 114 inmates housed in maximum security unit.. Observed behavior of residents individually and in group Established healthy relationships and maintained professional boundaries with resident offenders in the institution.. Prepared, processed and maintained forms, reports, logs, records and activity journals.. Recognition & Awards Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.And my major duty is Certificate of Appreciation. I'm proficient at supervising, configuration management, and listening.]
38154903, [I got my administration of justice in administration of justice from college of the canyons. As a Aviation Electronics Technician, I worked from 09/2011 to 10/2015. And my major duty is Adjust, repair, or replace malfunctioning components on assemblies or circuit boards by using hand tools or soldering irons.. Test and troubleshoot instruments, components and assemblies, using multimeters.. Connect components to assemblies such as transformers, relays, switches, in-flight refueling systems,  etc.. Read and interpret maintenance manuals, technical publications, and engineering diagrams to determine the feasibility and method of repairing defective components.. Keep records of maintenance and repair work.. Coordinate work with engineers, technicians and other aircraft maintenance personnel.. Inspect completed work to certify that maintenance meets standards and that aircraft are ready for operation. I'm proficient at critical thinking, decision making, and time management.]
29167286, [I got my technical or occupational certificate in general   airframe from north central institute. As a Quality Assurance Evaluator, I worked from June 2007 to June 2010. And my major duty is Served as a Quality Assurance Evaluator (QAE) for the Aviation Center Logistics Command, involving the Aviation Maintenance contract.. Supported the Aviation Training Brigade (ATB) commander's mission to train Army aviators by acting as a liaison between the ATB and the maintenance contractor, coordinated logistical requirements and monitors contractor performance.. Coordinated between ATB and the contractor to resolve any difficulty encountered with maintenance techniques, work accomplishment, technical compliance with directives, or any other support requirements allowed within the contract specifications.. Implemented the Contracting Officer Representative's (COR) quality assurance plan by performing quality assurance plan by performing quality assurance inspections (Quality Assurance Evaluation Surveillance Plan (QAESP) and evaluations of contractor performed aircraft maintenance and repair (Aircraft Availability Inspection (AAI) in support of organizational and intermediate maintenance on aircraft types assigned.. UH-60 Blackhawk 3 years.. Supervisor: Bill Hensley (334-255-0717).. Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes. I'm proficient at instructor, processes, and streamline.]
11169163, [I got my bachelor of arts in human resources management from ashford university. As a Aviation Administration Program Manager/Data Analyst Sergeant Staff Sergeant Gunnery Sergeant, And my major duty is Maintained Government Aviation Logistics Information Systems and databases.. Distributed maintenance schedules and logistics work orders to the maintenance departments.. Verified source logistics data for completeness and accuracy.. Computed and analyzed aviation logistics data, using statistical formulas, computers, and calculators.. Completed configuration management actions such as compliance discrepancies during flight operations, special logistics inspections, and conditional inspections relevant to aircraft systems and components.. Developed, interpreted, and tracked the timely aviation logistics data and reports to support the unit's strategic goals and milestones. I'm proficient at configuration management, six sigma, and direction.]
28383893, [I got my bachelor of science   aeronautics in aeronautics from liberty university. As a Medical Supervisor, I worked from 01/1996 to now.And my major duty is Supervisor:. Kevin Higley;. kevin@cdcmedical.com. Responsibilities:. Responded to accidents and other emergencies involving injury and illness, which sometimes may be life threatening.. Provided prompt initial care to significantly increase patient survivability and reduce the possibility of long-term serious injury.. Performed basic emergency medical treatment.. Administered cardiopulmonary resuscitation on patients through various techniques such as, intravenous (IV) insertion, intubation and drug administration.. Operated emergency or patient transport vehicles. I'm proficient at excellent team builder, exceptionally organized, and analytical.]
20026169, [I got my graduate degree in science technology aviation management from american river college. As a Certified Commercial Welder, And my major duty is Completed OSHA Safety Training Course.. UNION IRONWORKERS: LOCAL 118, SACRAMENTO CALIFORNIA Supervised and managed crews from 3 to 40 men.. Supervise Jobs from tens of thousands to multi­million dollars buildings.. Supervised on ­ Powerhouses, High Rise buildings, Construction of State Prisons, Highways, Water Treatment Plant, Bridges, and Airports, etc.. Commercial construction Industrial construction Plan reading Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), Coordinate ground-up projects Subcontractor recruitment/supervision Enforcement of codes and safety regulations Read structural engineering drawings Job site supervision & safety Workflow & project scheduling. I'm proficient at leadership, instructor, and insurance.]
38047274, [I got my bsn in bsn from westhills college. As a Aviation Machinist Mechanic, I worked from Dec 1990 to Dec 2006. And my major duty is Implement airfield safety procedures to ensure a safe operating environment for personnel and aircraft operation.. Monitor the arrival, parking, refueling, loading, and departure of all aircraft.. Train operations staff.. Read and interpret maintenance manuals, service bulletins, and other specifications to determine the feasibility and method of repairing or replacing malfunctioning or damaged components.. Inspect completed work to certify that maintenance meets standards and that aircraft are ready for operation.. Conduct routine and special inspections as required by regulations.. Examine and inspect aircraft components, including landing gear, hydraulic systems, and deicers to locate cracks, breaks, leaks, or other problems.. Replace or repair worn, defective, or damaged components, using hand tools, gauges, and testing equipment.. Measure parts for wear, using precision instruments.. Test operation of engines and other systems, using test equipment such as ignition analyzers, compression checkers, distributor timers, and ammeters.. Obtain fuel and oil samples and check them for contamination.. Reassemble engines following repair or inspection and reinstall engines in aircraft.. Read and interpret pilots' descriptions of problems to diagnose causes.. Examine engines through specially designed openings while working from ladders or scaffolds, or use hoists or lifts to remove the entire engine from an aircraft.. Remove or install aircraft engines, using hoists or forklift trucks.. Inventory and requisition or order supplies, parts, materials, and equipment.. Communicate with other workers to coordinate fitting and alignment of heavy parts, or to facilitate processing of repair parts.. Confer with other supervisors to coordinate operations and activities within or between departments.. Plan and establish work schedules, assignments, and production sequences to meet production goals.. Inspect materials, products, or equipment to detectdefects or malfunctions.. Conduct employee training in equipment operations or work and safety procedures, or assign employee training to experienced workers.. Keep records of employees' attendance and hours worked.. Requisition materials, supplies, equipment parts, or repair services.. Maintain operations data, such as time, production, and cost records, and prepare management reports of production results.. Confer with management or subordinates to resolve worker problems, complaints, or grievances. I'm proficient at health care provider cpr qualified, green belt for lean sigma, and state certified nurse assistant.]
16449694, [I got my bachelor of science in adult work force education from valdosta state university. As a Aviation Storekeeper Third Class, I worked from 09/1993 to now.And my major duty is Processed an average of 300 requisitions per month for a anti-submarine squadron for the upkeep of a fleet of 10 aircraft.. Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software.. Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.. Facilitated month-end close processes, invoicing, journal entries and account reconciliations.. Created monthly reports for records, closed terminated records and completed chart audits.. Implemented airfield safety procedures to ensure a safe operating environment for personnel and aircraft operation.. Inspected aircraft for defects and malfunctions, according to pre-flight checklists.. Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics.. Issued travel and hotel vouchers for pilot and aircrew for long distance flights and canceled flights due to maintenance.. Developed and created a more effective filing system to accelerate paperwork processing. I'm proficient at listening, processes, and inventory management.]
11137306, [I got my associate of science   avionics maintenance technology        spartan college of aeronautics   city   state   usa member of aea club       gpa perfect attendance academic achievement award aea wiring academic achievement award faa corrosion control academic achievement award coursework in avionics maintenance technology coursework in meteorology   air traffic regulations and air navigation conduit bending course coursework in high   voltage cable splicing   qualified rigging and signaling coursework in dc electricity   ac electricity and electronics theory diploma in electric technology in avionics operation and theory and electronic troubleshooting from spartan college of aeronautics. As a Avionics shift supervisor, Avionics technician, I worked from January 2006 to January 2012. And my major duty is Avionics flight line repairs and modifications on CH-47 chinooks and UH-60 blackhawks.. Avionics maintenance supervisor OIF 2009.. Interpreted electrical and mechanical schematics, blueprints and diagrams.. Diagnosed equipment malfunctions and completed repairs to restore equipment and maintain uptime.. Implemented vast knowledge of electronics principles to resolve complex electrical problems.. Repaired electrical equipment using hand and power tools and testing and diagnostic equipment.. Repaired and tested microwave amplifiers and transmission lines, high-voltage power supplies, displays and antenna positioning systems.. Maintained accurate electronic and instrument inventory to support safe and efficient operation.. Performed monthly, semi-annual and annual Preventive Maintenance Checks and Services (PMCS).. Installed all electrical wiring during remodeling projects.. Trained maintenance journeymen electricians and electrical apprentices.. Trained and instructed subordinates and supported units on Military Avionics Equipment.. Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of systems and specialized equipment. I'm proficient at soldering, basic forms interpretation, and excel electronic component repairs wire routing.]
19818707, [I got my bachelor degree   science in financial management in science in financial management from franklin university. As a Manager, And my major duty is Accountable for 2 departments operating budget, including developing annual operating plan, expense forecasts and other executive management reporting.. Responsibilities include negotiating competitive rates, purchasing, monitoring and enforcing contracts compliance.. Report to executive management; manage staff of 2 direct reports.. Manager Operational Finance Compile and analyze financial information with department heads Managing invoice approval, reconciliation and billing compliance of 25,000 invoices per year Develop integrated revenue/expense analyses, projections, reports, and presentations Create and analyze monthly, quarterly, and annual reports for accuracy Create key performance metrics for Finance and Executive Management.. Report was presented weekly to management Lead in several financial/operational projects which included a turning an aircraft into an Air Ambulance and relocating the company to increase profits Identify patterns and subsequent spending activities to help optimize purchasing strategies Maintained 2 departments budgets for the Airline and Flight Department Perform financial forecasting and reconciliation of internal accounts and chain vendors Handle complex and high-level financial analysis of cost domestically and internationally Present and discuss analysis with upper management along with goals Managed business relationships with suppliers, service providers, contract providers, and industry experts Develop annual operating plan and provide monthly expense forecast Identify patterns of demand and subsequent spending activities to help optimize purchasing strategies Negotiate purchase agreements, long-term strategic plan with our supplier of a necessary commodity, thereby allowing our company a leveraged position in terms of margin enhancement.. Determine the degree of risk/liability with contract compliance/non-compliance based upon annual spend with vendors and suppliers Lead in Operational Changes and communication to the entire company Management of the two fleet (Lear 35's) for passenger operations in quoting, reporting Profits and reconciliation of the expenses for the related operations. I'm proficient at microsoft products, finance, and sourcing strategies development.]
17274759, [I got my budget analyst in budget analyst from defense acquisition university. As a Property Book Noncommissioned Officer, I worked from 03/1997 to 02/2000. And my major duty is Served as the Brigade Property Book Supervisor. Processed and resolved unit level property accounting issues daily ensuring property listings are accurate and commanders' hand receipts are updated monthly. Coordinated logistical support for both Annual and Inactive Duty training.. Conducted analysis and briefs on current and future equipment authorizations. Managed the excess program by directing cross-leveling and provided disposition of equipment to achieve maximum equipment readiness.Prepared and provided professional guidance on property accountability. Directed and handled the administration of property book records. I'm proficient at record organization maintenance, logistics forecasting planning, and inventory management.]
19506295, [I got my master of science in mechanical engineering from kwame nkrumah university of science and technology. As a Account Associate, I worked from September 2004 to June 2007. And my major duty is Set up new Xerox printers and copiers for client use.. Identified equipment options to satisfy client needs.. Developed new equipment training materials of  for clients.. Gathered usage data and generate monthly usage cost.. Performed maintenance of equipment. I'm proficient at fea abacus, visual basic, and solid edge.]
50775901, [I got my bachelor of science in conflict analysis and trauma studies from kansas state university. As a Cashier/Copy Center, I worked from May 2003 to July 2004. And my major duty is 35-40 hrs Maintains adequate stock of resale items.. Operated a computer system that calculates and marks prices Operated an electronic checkout system, makes change, and verifies change fund and amount of currency received during an assigned shift.. Assists customers by answering questions concerning prices, identification, and location of items.. Counts cash and negotiable instruments to prepare an accountability report.. Manages the self-check-out registers assisting customers in the correct processing of their purchases.. Changes register tape, and clear routine equipment and scanning jams on registers. I'm proficient at instructor, lesson plan, and administrative assistant.]
22990761, [I got my bachelors of science degree   nursing in nursing from florida state college of jacksonville. As a Aviation Electronic Technician, And my major duty is Drastically reduced aircraft discrepancies by 30% during my tenure with Patrol Squadron Sixteen.. Troubleshot, replaced, and repaired critical electronic equipment on 17 different P-3C aircraft avionic systems.. Responsible for accurate and timely updating of aircraft log books.. Accountable for over 10 junior sailors in my work center.And my major duty is Assisted DVM with medical examinations, triaged incoming patients and managed clients throughout their visit.. Prepared animals for surgery, prepared surgical packs, monitored patients under anesthesia, and assisted Veterinarians during surgical procedures.. Performed dental procedures, x-rays, lab and bloodwork.. Gave vaccinations, obtained blood samples, and administered medications.. Monitored and appropriately documented patient vital signs and activity.. Clearly communicated instructions to my clients and veterinary assistants. I'm proficient at clients, anesthesia, and policies.]
10945968, [I got my bachelor of science   mathematics in mathematics from university of glamorgan. As a Business Analyst, I worked from 05/1998 to now.And my major duty is Before integrating in to the Menzies Aviation IT structure, I was part of the Ogden Cargo System and Support team that looked after the three UK Cargo terminals. I also assisted in administering, with the Quality Manager, Ogden Cargo's ISO 9002 Certified Quality System.   I was also responsible for developing via a Business Intelligence tool called IQ Objects, all reports generated from the core Cargo Handling System. I'm proficient at citrix, jira and trello project management applications, and service now itsm.]
12192507, [I got my bachelor of science   aviation management in aviation management from bridgewater state university. As a Ramp Agent, I worked from 12/2013 to now.And my major duty is Kept records of room availability and guests' accounts, manually or using computers.. Assisted guests with any special requests during their visits.. Performed bookkeeping activities, such as balancing accounts and conducting nightly audits. I'm proficient at managerial strategic planning, english, and flight of aircraft.]
24154692, [I got my general studies in general studies from ivy tech community college of indiana. As a Purchasing Coordinator, I worked from 01/2008 to 01/2010. And my major duty is Monitored all purchase requisitions and handled adjustments with vendors.. Contacted each vendor and recorded information regarding price, availability, and quality of products.. Collaborated with internal and external customers and managed all pricing and availability of all products.. Maintained consistent email communication with stores and suppliers to confirm and track orders and verify price revisions on purchase orders.. Tracked inventory shipments and prepared spreadsheets detailing item information.. Maintained complete documentation and records of all purchasing activities.. Computed and created purchase orders in E3 to monitor stock levels, verify purchase requisitions and expedite customer orders.. Maintained focus and organization to regularly complete tasks with precision, timeliness and flexibility to accommodate fluctuating assignments and emerging business trends. I'm proficient at s lean kaizen principles, supplier quality, and employee supervision.]
23985183, [I got my bachelor of science   business administration in business administration from trident university international. As a Senior Training Specialist, I worked from 11/2009 to 12/2011. And my major duty is Served as a Training Instructor and subject matter expert performing instructional and training development work in the Structural Branch, at the Structural and Pneudralic Division (SPD).. Managed the course material for assigned blocks of instruction within comprehensive courses, providing training materials and aids as needed, conducts platform instruction, and administers practical exercises and examinations for students.. Administer and proctors written and performance examinations. Conducted evaluation and certified training instructors within the Division as a Senior Evaluator.. Trained the Initial Entry Level, intermediate, and advance course for the Military Occupation Specialty on all National Guard, Reserve Component, Foreign National, and Active Duty Soldiers. I'm proficient at team building, critical thinking, and schedule management.]
29161565, [I got my  in nuclear engineering technology from thomas edison state university. As a Aviation Ordnancemen, And my major duty is Professionally and thoroughly trained in the areas of explosive, ordnance handling, and blasters maintained troubleshooting and repair on all weapons elevators onboard. Specialized in servicing, inspecting and handling of all types of weapons and ammunition carried on Navy aircraft. Duties performed included in-flight functions such as  operating tactical weapons and communication equipment; performing in-flight maintenance of aircraft electrical and mechanical gear. Expert in tactical and technical guidance.. Obtained a secret clearance I'm proficient at adept multi tasker, powerpoint, and u s navy article.]
11333001, [I got my no degree in no degree from kennesaw state university. As a Server, I worked from 01/2020 to 07/2020. And my major duty is Operated POS terminals to input orders, split bills and calculate totals.. Answered phone inquiries to schedule and confirm reservations, record takeout orders and respond to service questions.. Performed walked throughs during service to monitor guest satisfaction.. Met or exceeded sales targets on consistent basis with proactive promotional strategies.. Calculated charges, issued table checks and collected payments from customers.. Completed thorough and accurate opening and closing duties to facilitate smooth restaurant operations. I'm proficient at problem resolution, experience in leadership, and ability to analyze reports.]
25718772, [I got my personal computer support technician in industrial manufacturing   safety engineering   tooling technology manufacturing and process technologycoursework in electrical and industrial engineering from lincoln technical institute. As a N/A  Aviation Mechanic/Military Police Officer, And my major duty is Trained and instructed subordinates and supported units on transitioning into the unit.. Determined elevation and grid azimuths with maps and map overlays.Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.Managed receipt, storage and issue of ammunition processes.Patrolled areas and allowed restricted area access for authorized personnel.Led military police teams in support of battlefield operations.Maintained complete accountability during redeployment of all sensitive items and communication equipment.Maintained rifles, machine guns, mortars and hand grenades.Evaluated terrain and recorded topographical information. ]
65219288, [I got my bachelor in bachelor from barry university. As a Safety & Training Coordinator, I worked from 06/1995 to 01/2011. And my major duty is Exercised Responsibility for the development of training for more than 15,000 airport employees, loss prevention, scheduled and conducted safety meetings.. Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.. Maintained or directed the maintenance of accurate records and files.. Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training and safety program operations or service delivery; evaluated their effect upon program activities and recommended appropriate policy and procedure modifications.. Maintained contact with airlines, government agency, and Miami Dade Aviation employees to keep them informed of safety and training needs and requirements.. Developed and modified training techniques and formats to evaluate airfield vehicle operators or current program effectiveness and to determine the need for program modification and/or new training program development.. Tested theoretical and practical knowledge of aviation safety and ramp safety.. Analyzed training programs to assure competency of persons operating vehicle on the airfield.. Prepared reports of airfield inspections to document findings.. Approved or disapproved issuance of certificate of vehicles operators on the airfield.. Promoted training programs through developing contacts with various organizations and through electronic media announcements.. Developed, Organized, prepared, and revised departmental safety manuals, prepared periodic report on progress of safety and training program as required.. Provided fiscal oversight for Airside Division training cash collections, equipment purchase orders.. Tracked Employee Performance training requirements to make sure that are following FAA Rules and Regulations.. Developed and made recommendation for the purchase of new and improved equipment.. Monitored existing equipment and their usage.. Responsible for issuing department vehicle, and equipment.. Assigned, distributed, checked, and verified access personnel work load.. Performed inspections of county buildings, airport ramp, taxiways, and runways to determine proper adherence to established safety standard and to assure that proper safety conditions are maintained.. Reported any unsafe conditions and followed up on corrections of unsafe conditions and minimized losses.. Performed investigations of accidents on the airfield which cause damage to county property or equipment/persons, determined causes of accidents and made recommendation for appropriates actions to prevent recurrences.. Approved requests for emergency delivery on the airfield.. Monitored safety condition of the airfield, maintained and ensured the smooth operation of the airport.. Ensured that all operators adhere to the rules and regulation of the department.. Monitored construction and maintenance projects affecting airfield activities.. Ensured compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Miami-Dade Aviation rules and regulations to affect the safe and efficient operation of the Air Operations Area (AOA). I'm proficient at government, balance, and delivery.]
27502951, [I got my bachelor of science in  from embry   riddle aeronautical university. As a Maintenance & Avionics Coordinator, I worked from 05/2000 to now.And my major duty is Developed and managed maintenance and avionic customer accounts, processed invoice payments, credits and net account billing.. Prepared maintenance/avionics invoices.. Managed subscription based navigational data for company charter operations & customer based aircraft.. Coordinated invoicing, account management of all maintenance and avionics repairs for a FAA 145 repair station.. Managed pilot supplies, purchase orders, inventory control cycling of life limited products. I'm proficient at technical support, government, and accident investigation.]
15823995, [I got my master of science   management in management may      riddle aeronautical university   city   state gpa   summa cum laude   gpa         management summa cum laude   gpa         bachelor of business administration from university of la verne. As a Production Supervisor / Aviation Electronics Technician, I worked from Sep 1998 to Jan 2008. And my major duty is Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Adobe Pro, Invoice Management System.. Supervised day-to-day production activities of up to 23 electronic technicians in the testing, troubleshooting and repair of electronic navigation, communication, radar and weapon systems from various military aircraft.. Maintained and repaired electronic communications systems and in-flight navigation and detection systems on various aircraft utilizing test equipment such as multi-meters, oscilloscopes, distortion analyzers, power meters, electronic module test benches, etc.. Ensured technicians had proper test equipment, tools, PPE and supplies for completion of daily tasks.. Conducted annual personnel performance evaluations, counseled, trained and mentored junior technicians.. Maintained Material Safety Data sheets, logs and records and supply inventory levels.. Performed scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, troubleshooting, removal, installation, repair, fueling and servicing procedures in accordance with the Navy's policies and procedures.. Utilized schematics, maintenance instruction manuals, wiring diagrams, hand tools, power tools and soldering irons to locate malfunctions and troubleshoot electronic components, assemblies and systems.. Key Accomplishments: Planned, executed and supervised the safe and expeditious completion of over 2,900 maintenance actions resulting in a 96 percent Ready-For-Issue rate (items repaired & returned to supply pool) As a Quality Assurance Inspector, inspected technicians work before, during and after the completion of maintenance performed resulting in 6 years and 7,550 flight hours of mishap free operations Directed research, development and implementation of Six Sigma principles; thorough analysis and recommendations enabled the elimination of waste and promoted the development of improved process flow optimizing production by 30 percent within work spaces As Training Program Manager, conducted on-the-job training, monitored over 140 personnel training records and ensured proper professional and safety training was provided to all technicians Awarded Sailor of the Quarter (4 Occasions) Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal (3 Occasions) Continued. I'm proficient at insurance, six sigma, and forms.]
22650051, [I got my acoustic   radar signal interpretation high school diploma in aviation physiology from . As a Aviation Warfare Operator Electronic Operator, I worked from Jun 2012 to Jun 2014. And my major duty is Coordinated all department functions for team of 250 employees.. Verified and logged in deadlines for responding to daily inquiries.. Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics.. Operated full cabin management systems, including the APY-10 Radar, ELetronic Support Measure, Radios, Integrated Friend or Foe Interrogator.. Enforced safety and security measures and protected sensitive zones by any mean necessary.. Updated the flight crew and briefed fellow staff on changes in preflight briefs.Successfully completed Crew Resource Management develop professional skills.. Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.. Prepared equipment for all operations.Verified that all required information was readily available and displayed correctly.Tacked maintenance actions and completed records.Troubleshot manufacturing and inspection test equipment on electronic parts of aircraft.. Quickly replaced faulty parts and unit wiring and retested systems.. Coordinated port visits and fleet operations domestically and abroad.. Defused hostile situations with superior negotiation techniques.. Logged and filed classified documents.. Determined elevation and grid azimuths with maps and map overlays.. Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.. Prepared operation plans and orders to support security of resources and installations.. Maintained complete accountability during redeployment of all sensitive items and communication equipment.. Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.. Directed supporting fire to suppress enemy fire and allow troops to maneuver the area.. Coordinated operations with armor, artillery and air support units. I'm proficient at ma, negotiation, and careful and active listener.]
24668861, [I have 7 work experiences. I worked from 2010 to now.I worked from 2007 to now.I worked from 2005 to now.I worked from 2002 to now.I worked from 2008 to now.I worked from 2010 to now. I'm proficient at leadership, engineer, and failure analysis.]
42427521, [I got my aeronautical engineering embry   riddle aeronautical university   city   state aeronautical engineering mba in aeronautical engineering from embry   riddle aeronautical university. As a Program Manager, I worked from September 2006 to now.And my major duty is Salary: $ 54,000.. Hours per week: 40.. Army Aviation.. Maintain accountability on aviation, health and safety budget for 6 different divisions and 23 sub-divisions.. Compile fiscal, financial and ISR reports for two facilities and all aviation assets in Nebraska.. Insures that needed plans, materials, and tools are available, and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations.. Inspect monthly obligation plans, STANFINS reports GFEBS and AFCOS accountability to avoid over-obligating.. Sustain constant program schedules and status to provide accurate information to State Aviation Officer and Chief of Staff.. Establish rules, regulations and controls to ensure complete accuracy in program execution.. Develop future fiscal year operating program plans that include variations for fuel and personnel costs, flight hours, maintenance, weather and execution.. Executed between 99.9-100% every fiscal year with over $3.5M, 3 Airframes and 17 aircraft.. Utilized the Logistics Modernization Program (LMP) for order processing, inventory management, customer service and acquisition.. Created, maintained, and updated automated Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).. Compiles data for reports, projections, flow charts, and graphs for all missions and completes presentations through Adobe or Microsoft to Company, Troop and Battalion commanders.. Routinely edits content, grammar, style and presentation of multi-formatted documents with technical and visual information to improve the intended audience's interpretation and acceptance of topics presented.. Creates databases and spreadsheets to reflect accountability items, funding, budget, analytical and statistical information.. Utilized various programs to conduct own research for future productions of equipment.. Assisted maintenance officer with completing all 4610-Rs required to begin production of AASF #2 in Grand Island.. Maintains  the KIRS Key control Program.. Completes funding requests on PRweb, typing Monthly Obligation Plans, tracking/cutting orders and obligating/de-obligating funds on AFCOS.. Analyzed funding for AFTPs and SFTSP from TC 1-210 and DFAS 37-100-2008.. Assists State Aviation Safety Officers from Colorado, Utah and Minnesota on COMSEC and Quality Control complications.. Coordinates delivery, status of repair and/or pickup of equipment with supported units and maintenance shops through network database.. Passes to workers instructions received from the supervisor, demonstrates proper work methods, and starts work.. Insures that needed plans, blueprints, materials, and tools are available, and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations.. Guides and assists other workers performing repair work.. Performs functional tests, analyzes performance and malfunctions, removes, installs, tests, maintains, modifies, performs alignments and troubleshoots the electronic, electrical, mechanical and hydraulic assemblies, modules, and interconnecting cables of a variety of combat and tactical electronic, communication, navigation and secure/comsec equipment to include FM, UHF, VHF, KY-58, KIT-1C, Sincgars, Doppler/GPS, High frequency ARC-220, AFCS System, VOR, IFF, transponder, gyros, HUDS, CIS, HIS, VSI, Night Vision Goggles and all wiring.. Utilizes Integrated Family Test Equipment (IFTE), Built In Test Equipment (BITE), Validators and break out boxes (BOB) for fault isolation, verification, or adjustment of assemblies, systems, circuit cards, components, wiring and electronic modules.. Experienced in working in fast paced environments which demand organizational, personal and professional skills.. Honorable, principled and poised during any situation.. Detail oriented and resourceful in completing any project and multi-tasking.. Proficient at databases, presentations, logistics and word processing.I worked from May 1998 to Current. And my major duty is Grade Level: E-4.. Salary: $300/month.. Quality Assurance/Technical Inspector.. Maintains All files and records for 24 UH-60A Blackhawk, and 14 CH-47 Chinook Helicopters.. Inspects all avionics/electronic work completed through Microsoft office and windows XP professional.. Created a network database and maintained all calibrated systems and test equipment for the Battalion.. Ensured work requests were properly routed through repair facility.. Installed ULLS-A Servers and uploaded an entire new program for the aircraft fleet.. Utilized C++ and ANCDs to apply cryptic information.. Compiles data for reports, projections, flow charts, and graphs for all missions to include "secret" and completes presentations to Company, Troop and Battalion commanders.. Coordinates delivery, status of repair and/or pickup of equipment with supported units and maintenance shops through network database.. Completes presentations and all statistical data through adobe and Microsoft powerpoint.. Furnishes assistance to Supervisors on production problems and work planning.. Creates, maintains, and updates automated Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and publications.. Uses specialized test equipment to carry out all phases of avionic and electronic installation, maintenance, repair, and operational testing of base stations, remote transmitters, flight systems, flight controls, receivers, communication, navigation, countermeasure and mobile equipment.. Planned, organized and led seven Downed Aircraft Recovery Missions.. Programs, schedules, and establishes priorities for routine maintenance, unscheduled maintenance, combat damaged systems, and repair of equipment.. Initiates, updates and closes out files, records, and reports according to applicable regulations and Technical Manuals.. Installs new communication and navigation systems on all assigned aircraft.. Performs maintenance, troubleshooting and repair of all systems ensuring operational capability of all electronic and electro-mechanical systems and equipment.. Maintains, installs and repairs secret level, and COMSEC equipment to include encoding and encrypting radios and loading frequencies on sincgars radios.. Ensures that all systems and equipment are reliable and parts are available if needed.. Plans and organizes work and provides guidance and assistance for peers and lower enlisted.. Insures that needed plans, blueprints, materials, and tools are available, and that needed stock is obtained from supply locations.. Guides and assists other workers while performing repair work.. Checks work in progress and when finished for compliance with supervisor's instructions, work orders, and established shop procedures on work sequence, procedures, methods and deadlines; and directs or advises other workers to follow supervisor's instructions and tomeet deadlines.. Performs functional tests, analyzes performance and malfunctions, removes, installs, tests, maintains, modifies, performs alignments and troubleshoots the electronic, electrical, mechanical and hydraulic assemblies, modules, and interconnecting cables of a variety of combat and tactical electronic, communication, navigation and secure/comsec equipment to include FM, UHF, VHF, KY-58, KIT-1C, Sincgars, Doppler/GPS, High frequency ARC-220, AFCS System, VOR, IFF, transponder, gyros, HUDS, CIS, HIS, VSI, Night Vision Goggles and all wiring.. Utilizes Integrated Family Test Equipment (IFTE), Built In Test Equipment (BITE), Validators and break out boxes (BOB) for fault isolation, verification, or adjustment of assemblies, systems, circuit cards, components, wiring and electronic modules.. Experienced in working in fast paced environments which demand organizational, personal and professional skills.. Honorable, principled and poised during any situation.. Detail oriented and resourceful in completing any project or and multi-tasking.. Proficient at databases, presentations, logistics and word processing.. Excelled in an E-7 position as an E-4 for an 18 month deployment to Iraq (March2006-September2007.)  Received numerous medals to include Good Conduct Medal, Army Accommodation Medal and The Bronze Star Medal. I'm proficient at microsoft powerpoint, inventory management, and vhf.]
96457008, [I got my saint petersburg college in vocational from saint petersburg college. As a REPAIR SPECIALIST, And my major duty is REPAIR CIRCUIT BOARDS AND ASSEMBLIES. I'm proficient at soldering, sales, and painter.]
38989376, [I got my graduate   labor studies in labor studies from penn state leadership institute. As a Clerk 2, Vehicle Registration, I worked from 07/1994 to now.And my major duty is Assist with day to day operations for the operations of Department of Transportation's Riverside Office Center (ROC) mailroom.. Coordinated different types of mailing machines in ensure proper distribution.. Responsibilities are but not limited to: Knowledge of UPS machinery Regulations of the United Parcel System Knowledge of past and current rates of First Class mailings Lifting up to 50 lbs.. daily Weighing letters to determine cost.. Usage of the  Pitney-Bowe machine that inputs cost onto envelopes Maintain inventory levels of supplies to properly maintain the department. I'm proficient at cash flow, leadership, and instructor.]
13405229, [I got my bachelor of arts in criminal justice from saint leo university city   state   us criminal justice bachelor of arts saint leo university. I have 1 work experiences. And my major duty is Provide information to space "A" travelers as well as PCS customers. Loaded over 5,000 60 to 75lb bags on state of the art Air Force "X" ray equipment. Provided force protection security for the AMC military terminal. Monitor all illegal material using the available x-ray, explosive and narcotics detection, magnetometer, hand held scanning equipment, and video monitoring camera. Illegal material includes weapons, explosives, narcotics, and any other materials which are unauthorized for air transportation. Oceana Naval Air Station/USS George Bush (CVN 77) Virginia Beach, Virginia 2010-2012 Aviation Ordnanceman Inspect, maintained and repaired aircraft mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems Serviced aircraft guns and accessories Stowed, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition including aerial mines, torpedoes, missiles and rockets Serviced bomb, missile and rocket releasing and launching devices Loaded supplementary munitions Assembled, tested and maintained air-launched guided missiles Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage facilities Load supplementary munitions Assemble, tests and maintain air-launched guided missiles Supervise operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage facilities Requisitioned, received, inspected, un-packed, inventory, Accounted for, stored, handled, and processed shipments for: air/surface/sub-surface launched missiles, bombs, and components; special weapons; aircraft gun ammunition, cartridges, and actuated devices, rockets; launchers; aircrew escape propulsion systems; pyrotechnics/screening/marking devices; airborne targets/drones/decoys; unmanned air vehicles; aerial mines/torpedoes; and underwater sound signals/son buoys, ashore and afloat. Tested, inspected and assembled, fuses, loaded/downloaded, and armed/de-armed the listed ammunition/airborne weapons, supplementary stores, and electronic countermeasures equipment. Installed, removed and repaired inventory. Maintained, pre-/post- operational test/inspection, weight testing/calibration, corrosion control of aircraft weapon release/launching/firing systems, shipboard weapons elevators, magazines, sprinkler systems, aircraft armament equipment, armament weapon support equipment, mechanical handling equipment, and test equipment. Instructed, supervised, and managed operational/training Naval Strike and Warfare Center NAS Fallon, Nevada 2007-2010 Armament Division Maintenance Technician Performed scheduled/unscheduled maintenance and ordnance loading/downloading evolutions on 24 F/A18, 14 F-16, 4MH-60'S Aircraft. Auxiliary Retail Outlet Top Gun Supervised, Inventoried, stored, ordered merchandise for Top Gun pilot school Cashier, Excel spreadsheet database, currency handler, bank handler responsibility. Flawlessly handled over $60,000 worth of merchandise and $50,000 worth of MWR funds and transactions. This led to MWR having extra $6,000 for the command Christmas party. I'm proficient at security, x ray, and training.]
17686472, [I got my bachelor of science in aerospace engineering from university of tennessee. As a Aviation Electronics Technician, I worked from 09/1995 to 12/1998. And my major duty is Assistant shift supervisor for an F/A-18 Hornet squadron ­ VFA-25.. Managed and delegated maintenance tasks among 30 squadron members.. Coordinated communication during launch procedures between our squadron aircraft and flight deck control aboard an aircraft carrier.. Voluntarily trained as final checker (inspector) of aircraft prior to launch. I'm proficient at research and design, customer service, and communication.]
54232810, [I got my associates in pre nursing in aviation management from aviation management community college of the air force. As a Administrative Executive, And my major duty is Provided high-level administrative support to 5 leading military officials by conducting research, preparing statistical reports, handling information requests, and performing clerical functions such as preparing correspondence, emailing, receiving visitors, arranging conference calls, and scheduling meetings.. Train and supervise lower-level clerical staff.. Authenticated 487 authorizations for 375 personnel with 100 percent accuracy.. Organized office filing plan, labeling/auditing 800 packages ensuring compliance.. Generated 24 flight orders for North Atlantic Treaty Organization; 67 successful training tasks completed. I'm proficient at medical terminology, electronic health record, and vital signs patient monitoring.]
25719936, [I got my certificate of completion   officer candidate school in electrical from university of texas at arlington. As a Aviation Electrician Petty Officer 3rd Class, I worked from 06/1996 to 08/1999. And my major duty is Aircraft handler duties consisting of taxing, securing and preparing aircraft for launch from aircraft carrier(USS Nimitz CVN-68).. Troubleshot and repaired electrical circuit boards, gyros, joysticks, control panel instrumentation for all onboard aircraft consisting of F-18 Hornet, F-16 Tomcat, EA6B Prowler and H60 Helicopter to ensure operational readiness for ship and crew.. Navy Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Navy Sea Service Deployment Ribbon, Navy Good Conduct Medal/Ribbon.. Broadened Opportunity for Officer Selection and Training (BOOST) Program. I'm proficient at aircraft, enterprise, and nema.]
68216398, [I got my high school diploma in mechanical from university of montana city. As a Aviation Structure Mechanic, I worked from 09/1996 to now.And my major duty is Maintain liquid/gaseous oxygen and nitrogen systems. Remove, inspect and re-install oxygen components. Replenish and service liquid/gaseous oxygen and nitrogen containers, tanks, and holding carts. Daily safety inspection on aircraft and supporting oxygen and nitrogen systems. Apply operating procedures for servicing of aircraft, transfer trailers or direct filling equipment with liquid/gaseous oxygen and nitrogen. Perform ground checks and correct operation, mechanical work and upkeep of all aircraft oxygen and nitrogen systems and support equipment. Maintain aircraft safety equipment, canopy and environmental systems. Maintain aircraft fire extinguishing systems.. Supervise 7 to 15 person work group. Use and supervise the use of computers for record keeping, reports, and inventories. Troubleshoot and repair malfunctioning equipment. Train subordinates in operation, maintenance, and repair of oxygen and nitrogen, canopy, environmental, fire detection and suppression and egress systems. Maintain shop publications, files, technical directives and manuals. Use trucks, forklifts and all ground support equipment. Maintain liquid/gaseous oxygen/nitrogen systems and safety equipment. Train, supervise personnel on rules and regulations, supervise personnel and maintain 15 to 45 aircraft. I'm proficient at troubleshoot maintain repair all motors, nitrogen, and operating a air separation unit to produce fda quality oxygen.]
17983430, [I got my associate of applied science in paralegal from central piedmont community college city. As a Sales Associate, I worked from 09/2007 to now.And my major duty is Greeted all customers.. Delegated tasks to team members to optimize productivity.. Handled products and equipment in accordance with safety and sanitation guidelines.. Fulfilled special order requests, including special occasion dinners and party platters.. Safely used knives, scales, wrappers, compactors, garbage disposals, pallet jack and hand trucks.. Organized and positioned product cases in produce warehouse and walk-in cooler.. Served shoppers in a prompt, courteous and friendly manner. I'm proficient at powerpoint, interpersonal skills, and computer proficient.]
92283635, [I got my CLS  what is your degree  SEP in CLS  what is your major    SEP from CLS  what is your college    SEP. As a Aviation Electronics Technician, I worked from 09/2011 to 10/2013. And my major duty is Operated on and repaired around 200 pieces of gear used in F-18 fighter jets, EA-6B Electronic counter- measures jets, or AV-8B close ground support jets.. Troubleshot components such as capacitors, resistors, diodes, switches and transistors on circuit boards that went into many different pieces of gear.. Troubleshot and repaired several Reconfigurable Transportable Consolidate Automated Support System RTCASS) benches, which were used to test all gear that is used in the military jets.. Accomplishments Became the Safety-supervisor for work center of 63 Marines.. Managed and supervised 12 Marines that performed maintenance on equipment, and three Marines that performed logistics and embarkation operations.. Coordinated set up multiple events for an entire squadron of about 500 Marines.. Supplied entire same squadron with supplies for daily operations. I'm proficient at leadership, reading, and security clearance.]
11614114, [I got my general studies in general studies from six sigma villanova university. As a Specialist, And my major duty is United States Marine Corps, Camp Pendleton, CA Aviation Supply Specialist Jan 2002 - Jan 2011 Supervised 30 Marines to maximize efficiency and satisfy valid customer requirements. Provided aviation supply support, including inventory management, materials administration, personnel staffing, and requisitioning procedures. Validated customer requirements; processed and submitted requisitions. Processed and delivered materials in accordance with government regulations and procedures. Purchased, tracked, sourced, and accounted for assets in excess of $2 billion. Ensured availability of required equipment and supplies; managed repairs/purchases of assets. I'm proficient at training, six sigma, and staffing.]
61315605, [I got my bachelor of computer science in network security from ecpi university. As a Aviation Ordinance Supervisor, I worked from January 1997 to January 2009. And my major duty is Supervised over 130 Navy personnel in the buildup, storage, and movement of Navy ammunitions Inspected, maintained and repaired aircraft mechanical and electrical armament/ordnance systems Supervised operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage facilities Managed accounting systems, rework of airborne weapons/systems/equipment, and conventional weapons qualification/certification programs, afloat and ashore.. Performed requisition of, received, inspected, stored and issued ammunition; made reports for excesses, shortage or damages; conducted inventories; reconciled and posted discrepancies; prepared and maintained Ammunition Transaction Reports or Transaction Item Reports as required; inspected compliance with directives and applicable to Notice of Ammunition Reclassification Coordinated and expedited the flow of work and materials within or between departments of an establishment according to production schedule.. Duties included reviewing and distributing production, work, and shipment schedules; conferred with department supervisors to determine progress of work and completion dates; and compiled reports on progress of work, inventory levels, costs, and production problems.. Supervised the inventory and accountability of Navy Assets. I'm proficient at technical support, processes, and change management.]
16850314, [I got my bachelor   s degree business management administration in business management administration from grand canyon university. As a Aviation Structural Mechanic, And my major duty is Line division supervisor assistant, plain captain while in line division.. Worked as an aircraft hydraulic and structural systems mechanic as a member of Naval Aircraft Squadron VS-38.. Received General under Honorable Conditions Discharge.. NJROTC, (Navy Junior Recruit Officer Training Corps). I'm proficient at forms, data entry, and receiving.]
11959428, [I got my associate of applied science in airframe   power   plant technology from . As a OSR/ Cart Attendant, I worked from 04/2015 to now.And my major duty is Provided excellent customer service to over hundreds patrons daily to ensure return customer base remained solid. I'm proficient at troubleshooting, maintenance, and inspections.]
10395944, [I got my bachelors in aviation management in aviation management from southwestern illinois college. As a Event Staff, And my major duty is I was in charge of setting up for weddings, birthday parties, bridal showers, baby      showers, etc.. I was in charge of driving customers in our six-seater gas-powered golf cart as well      as our four-seater gas-powered golf cart and was also in charge of using the      four-wheeler to pull trailers.. I was in charge of setting up chairs and tables which required heavy lifting.. This job entailed me working long days and long nights.. I was called on by the owners for a couple of landscaping jobs around the property.. This job required good people skills and time management. I'm proficient at leadership, outlook, and aircraft knowledge.]
10189110, [I got my basic education in maintenance from lake city test of basic education   tabe   community college. As a Purchasing Agent / Material Expeditor, And my major duty is I started working as a Material Expeditor which required me to work closely with Purchasing, Maintenance, and the Airline.. Being an Expeditor had responsibilities that could change day by day depending on what was required of me.. I provided daily reports and expedited any material needed to keep the production process flowing efficiently.. This meant coordinating the order and shipment process, as well as the actual delivery of the material.. My responsibility as a Purchasing Agent is to find price and availability on material needed and then order and track for prompt shipment.. This requires me to deal directly with the vendors and develop relationships for future business.. I also retrieve any and all paperwork required, retrieving certification, submit any and all signatures necessary, and expedite the material in a timely fashion.. Once I have received the material I then facilitate and expedite the flow of materials to and from various departments.. I have worked with many different Airline companies as well as Military, which all have high and demanding standards to meet.. With this job no two days are the same, it is a constant change with challenging obstacles.. In addition to being a Buyer and Expeditor, I was responsible for doing spare Sales to sister and contract companies.. This required the technique of verifying stock, quoting material, ensuring proper certification, and shipping.. Between the three job functions I was constantly providing and coordinating AOG orders support.. Clientlogic (DELL). I'm proficient at receiving, benefits, and materials.]
10567764, [I got my state aircraft coating technician certificate in aircraft coating technician from florida state college of jacksonville. As a Aircraft Painter, And my major duty is Worked on Airbus 319 & 320.. Masked and covered surfaces not to be painted.. Sanded, masked, and repainted surfaces, and blended and polished finish to match surrounding areas, manually or using portable power tools.. Cleaned, sanded, and applied chemical solutions to prepare and condition surfaces prior to painting.. Mixed and thinned paint or other coating to specified color and consistency according to standard formulas or color charts, using mixing equipment.. Rolled or brushed specified amount or thickness of primer, protective, decorative, or finish coatings, such as paint, lacquer, sealer, or enamel, onto prepared surfaces, using spray equipment. I'm proficient at supervising, publications, and paint.]
30148777, [I got my paralegal studies in paralegal studies from manor college paralegal studies. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from January 2005 to January 2007. And my major duty is Provided high quality customer service to Pilots and Business Aviation 				Companies; Communicated with pilots via radio to prepare lineman for estimated 				arrival and departure times; Provided and reviewed all catering and other accommodations for Pilots 				and Flight Attendants to ensure a comfortable flight; Scheduled hotel reservations and car rentals for Pilots and Crew; Permitted to use company vehicle; Scheduled aircraft preparation for departing flights; Input data and ticket information into  POS system; All aspects of Administrative work such as typing, filing, answering 				phones and record keeping; Recognized for Customer Service Excellence at Atlantic Aviation. I'm proficient at attorney, balance, and answering phones.]
24544244, [I got my bachelor of applied science   aviation in aviation business management from royal melbourne institute of technology. As a Corporate Travel Manager / Staff Developer and Trainer, I worked from 08/2014 to Current. And my major duty is Assisting with on the job sales, product and systems training for new staff members.. Developing staff in core competences to ensure success.. Researching travel options & presenting the best deals in terms of customer requirements.. Ensure all bookings & reservations are processed accurately.. Responding to all phone enquiries promptly, courteously and in a friendly manner.. Filing, photocopying and general administrative duties.. Building strong relationships with clients.. Ability to achieve branch, team sales and profitability objectives. Up selling relevant add-ons, like, insurance, excursions, etc.. Negotiating corporate and best rates with hotels. Advising on and organising visas & passports.. Booking rail, hotel, domestic and international air travel. Monitoring competitor activity in order to maintain the most competitive rates.. Complying with all relevant laws and travel business legislation.. Handling high numbers of incoming calls from direct customers and travel trade.. Offering holidays to a wide variety of long haul luxury destinations, including the Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf, Americas, Egypt & Africa and Far East. I'm proficient at cabin technologies, negotiation, and federal aviation administration faa regulations.]
19284293, [I got my bachelor of science   aeronautical engineering in aeronautical engineering from california polytechnic state university. As a Flight Test Engineer,  I'm proficient at engineer, aircraft modification management, and performance appraisals.]
11752500, [I got my bachelor of science in professional aeronautics from embry   riddle aeronautical university. As a Aviation Electrician/Avionics Technician, I worked from July 1996 to July 2001. And my major duty is Performed scheduled/unscheduled maintenance and corrosion prevention and treatment on 7 SH-60F/HH-60H helicopters.. Performed intermediate level component and system repair on electrical and power generation systems for P-3, S-3, and H-60 aircraft.​ I'm proficient at problem resolution, avionics systems, and deadline adherence.]
31536294, [I got my bachelor of arts   business administration in business administration from lonestar college. As a Line Division Supervisor / Plane Captain / Aviation Electrician, I worked from 08/2005 to 07/2008. And my major duty is Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron 120. Supervised crew of 15 in the daily inspection and servicing of twelve E2-C HawkEye and four C-2A Greyhound aircraft during 14 detachments.. Completed training prerequisites 4 months ahead of schedule, resulting in promotion to night supervisor.. Reduced fleet downtime by 30% by maintaining the aircraft in a ready status through improvements to maintenance and inspection processes. ]
22442947, [I got my high school diploma in academics from park high. As a Cabin Service Supervisor, And my major duty is Maintain the appearance of equipment utilized in operations. Assistant manager in scheduling employees. Execute directives provided leadership. Support team leaders with assistant on aircraft as needed. Continuously provide safety patrol on the ramp and concourse daily. Held briefing to communicate information pasted down by management. Train employees to become team leaders and service aircraft I'm proficient at microsoft word, assisting senior managers with office needs such as copying, and professionally handling calls directing callers.]
27512470, [I got my high school diploma   general in high school diploma   general from lake weir high school. As a Charter Sales and Flight Dispatcher, I worked from 03/2000 to now.And my major duty is Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.. Coordinated meetings with other department managers and served as main liaison between sales and flight staff.. Contacted providers to discuss status of rebilling and reimbursement process to ensure account resolution.. Managed incoming and outgoing calls.. Successfully established effective systems for record retention by creating database for daily correspondence tracking.. Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison between departments, clients and vendors.. Directly supported Vice President. in managing operation work flow.. Handled and processed confidential client information.. Coordinated with airport vendors regarding fueling and catering logistics.. Monitored flight schedule daily for 6 aircraft.. Monitored and updated flight schedules for pilots daily.. Accounts Receivable. Accounts Payable I'm proficient at letters and memos, microsoft powerpoint, and executive management support.]
14874322, [I got my liberal arts   business college of micronesia   city   state liberal arts   business in liberal arts   business from liberal arts   business college of micronesia. As a Cargo Agent, And my major duty is My responsibilities include: Tendering, Accepting, booking, inspecting and tracking outbound and inbound cargoes.. Checking import/ export documentation to determine cargo contents, and classifying goods into different fee or tariff groups, using a tariff coding system.. Contacting vendors to resolve problems with shipments; Determining method of shipment, and preparing bills of lading, invoices, and other shipping documents.. Entering shipping information into a computer by hand or by using a hand-held scanner that reads bar codes on goods.. Handling special commodity shipment according to TSA, CBP and FAA Regulation.. Direct or participate in cargo loading in order to ensure completeness of load and even distribution of weight.. Verify and monitor all inbound freights and transferred cargoes from different freight forwarders; Preparing daily reports on all transactions.. Providing front counter and direct customer service to all vendors and shippers; Inspecting and screening of all outbound freights accordingly.. Handling,inspecting and preparing all Dangerous Goods documents, Human remains and live animals shipments.. Assisting customers and arranging for pickup of freight and delivery to loading platform; notifying consignees on arrival of shipments and arranges for delivery to consignees.. Preparing manifest to accompany shipments and notifying shippers of delays in departure of shipment. I'm proficient at delivery, scanner, and customer service.]
23464505, [I got my master of science computer science in computer science from wichita state university. As a Graduate Research Assistant, I worked from 12/2013 to 05/2014. And my major duty is Managed and maintained NIAR composites database. Created charts and updated the database. Wrote macros for doing data analysis I'm proficient at jsp, visual studio, and code blocks.]
12504278, [I got my baccalaureate of science in business administration   marketing from university of louisiana at lafayette. As a Device Support Center Manager, I worked from January 2008 to Current. And my major duty is Flextronics has provided me with the managerial skills needed to supervise,      communicate, and manage the overall performance of staff in the store.. Analyze the daily reports of data received, giving recommendations, and      developing strategy plans on how to improve quality and quantity for the      company.. Taking inventory of all supplies, mobile devices, and accessories      in the store and documenting daily transactions.. Mobile devices have become a very important aspect of our culture and      therefore it is a necessity that customer's problems be resolved as soon as      possible.. My experiences have given me the ability and the expertise to      train other employees, while staying abreast on AT&T mobile devices and      the latest technology.. At Flextronics, we have mandatory quotas that must be met monthly to      achieve or support center goals, visions and objectives.. I have the aptitude      to achieve goals independently or in a group setting; while being able to      motivate myself and others.. I am excellent at multi-tasking and maintaining      flexibility.. My daily duties consist of assisting customers in person and on the phone.. My verbal communication skills allow me to effectively communicate      Flextronics position, while listening and asking questions to meet the      customer's needs.. I am empathy when listening to others; while educating      customers about their devices and resolving issues.. My written communication skills are another essential part of my daily      duties at Flextronics.. For every customer that comes to the store their      account must be annotated.. The annotations must include the customer's      name, issue, troubleshooting steps that were performed, results of those      steps, and the resolution of the issue.. My organizational skills are invaluable within the device support center.. Due to there being an abundance of customers and their wireless devices.. It is imperative to be organized especially dealing with customers      proprietary information.. These skills help me to be more efficient in      supervising and managing other employees; while remaining attentive to      the customer.. I have been awarded employee of the month for five months.. Along with      numerous emails and phone calls with positive feedback from customers.. I      was also sent to Shreveport, LA because of my expertise to assist      employees and customers. I'm proficient at supervising, listening, and accounting system.]
58048626, [I got my bachelors of arts   tourism business management in tourism business management from universidad europea miguel de cervantes. As a Travel consultant, I worked from October 2004 to April 2008. And my major duty is Acted as key person, after office Director.. Possessed touristic market knowledge as different booking & management systems: Global Amadeus, Sire (Spanish railway company booking system) & tour operator booking websites.. Managed intranet and accounting system.. Accountable for commercial purposes, general administration tasks, and accountancy duties.. Planning, organization and sale of all type of travels, packages, plane tickets, spectacles tickets, and private events.. Key Accomplishments.. Department manager: Remarkably developed the creation and coordination of a new department in order to provide European Tour operators with all touristic services required in Spain. I'm proficient at websites, insurance, and presenting.]
15684810, [I got my austin community college associate degree in criminal justice from austin community college associate degree   austin community college. As a Petty Officer, And my major duty is U.S. Navy Reserve, Petty Officer 3rd Class Aviation Ordnanceman, Austin, TX, 02/16/2010-Present *Provide security and physical protection for service members. ● Train fellow Sailors in security duties. ● Assist in riot control and riot prevention. ● Provide vital attack, defense and logistic support to the fleet. PPDI, Phase 1 volunteer, Austin, TX, 05/10/08-04/23/10 *Clinical trial of investigative FDA drugs and help verify safety and tolerability. ● Supervised by medical professionals and explore how the medicine acts in the bodies of healthy volunteers. ● Detailed analysis of how the compound is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted. Sears, Home delivery technician and warehouse associate, San Marcos, TX, 02/10/2008-09/22/08 *Delivery and install appliances in customers homes. ● Unload daily trucks of new inventory. ● Managed and inventoried product including hand tools to major home appliances. ● Janitorial duties in and around the store. U.S. Navy, 3rd Class Petty Officer Aviation Ordnanceman, Coronado, CA, 11/26/2001-11/28/2005 *Weapons Systems Operations Install, adjust, and test bomb racks, shackles, ejectors and launchers Test, adjust, and align aircraft gun systems. ● Load, download, install and remove aircraft guns and gun components. ● Load, download, assemble and disassemble aircraft missiles, rockets, and pyrotechnics. ● Troubleshoot electrical and electronic equipment and wiring circuits. ● Conduct authorized searches, conduct surveillance, identify narcotics and dangerous drugs, apprehend suspects, issue weapons and ammunition, conduct field sobriety tests, administer breathalyzer tests, secure crime and accident scenes, inspect crime and accident scenes, preserve evidence at crime scenes, seize evidence and contraband, mark and tag evidence and contraband ● Conduct perimeter checks, provide security escort services, provide assistance on crime control, shipboard brig security and support, process prisoners upon receipt, escort and guard prisoners *Weapons Qualifications, 9mm M-14 rifle M-16 rifle 12 gauge shotgun 50.Cal machine gun M60 machine gun OC (Oleoresin Capsicum) or pepper spray ● Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal ● Navy good conduct medal ● Navy expert rifle/pistol medal I'm proficient at security, organizational development, and grinders.]
17694572, [I got my cpr certified in medical assistant from sanford brown institute. As a Registrar / Receptionist, I worked from January 2007 to January 2011. And my major duty is Answering telephones. Register patients. Verifying insurances. Enter patients information into computer. Follow up on unpaid claims within standard billing cycle timeframe. File patients document. I'm proficient at health insurance, clinical administrative skills, and urinalysis.]
22168194, [I got my aa   interdisciplinary studies   social and behavioral sciences in interdisciplinary studies   social and behavioral sciences from los angeles southwest college. As a Customer Service Representative, I worked from 01/2010 to 12/2020. And my major duty is Consulted with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services.. Operate office machines such as, photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems, and personal computers. I'm proficient at photocopiers, forms, and scanners.]
29595906, [I got my advance diploma in advance diploma from new river community college. As a Laborer, And my major duty is Part time summer worker in charge of general labor and maintenance of parts and inventory. I'm proficient at fast learner, trustworthy, and hard working.]
77626587, [I got my bachelor of applied studies in bachelor of applied studies from kent state university. As a Front Desk Coordinator, And my major duty is Responsible for proving customer service, database instruction and fielding phone calls.. Spearheaded the creation of an interactive advertisement/ exibit for a school play showcasing students writing and acting talents. I'm proficient at leadership, logistics, and mentor.]
98389424, [I got my bachelor of science   information technology in information technology from columbia southern university. As a Aviation Supply Specialist, And my major duty is Validated customer requirements, processed requisitions, submitted requisitions, initiated appropriate follow-up actions, and processed and delivered material in accordance with all government regulations and procedures.. Maintained Inventory Procured assets when below allowable limits Perform the functions necessary to provide logistical support to aviation activities.. Performed tasks dealing with aviation supply support, including financial management, inventory management, material management, personnel staffing and requisitioning procedures. I'm proficient at inventory management, streamline, and staffing.]
38663892, [I got my bachelor   s degree   human services in human services from university of phoenix. As a Management and Program Analysis, I worked from 08/2011 to now.And my major duty is Maintain detailed record of budgetary transaction for annual operation of the SAO(State Aviation Office) budget. Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.. Prepared financial and regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or boards of directors.. Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for 11 small companies.. Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.. Restructured and analyzed [Software program] to improve budget reporting. .Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software.. Analyzed costs and revenues to project future trends.I worked from 01/2011 to now.And my major duty is 43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week:  40 Budget technician (This is a federal job Analyzes funding for Oklahoma National Guard Aviation Flying Hour Program, Counter-Narcotics Program, and Additional Flight training Periods to aid effectiveness and to identify deficient areas or trends.. Independently or as assigned undertakes projects which involves surveys, comparisons and studies of current and past operations.. Reviews, evaluates and analyzes obligations and expenditures.. Prepares aviation summaries for reports submitted by subordinate AASF's.. Summarizes and interprets significant data collected and relates this data to aviation plans, standards, and actions; identifies and analyzes deficiencies in resource consumption, training, workload and scheduling, and evaluates deviations from standards, plans and estimates to determine cause and impact on aviation mission.. Advises management when manpower authorizations, based on analytical and statistical studies, appear unbalanced.. Identifies and validates the manning required to support the mission assigned the organization by the use of various forecasting and statistical techniques.. Evaluate changes in the aviation operation plan for programs that will affect the FHP and training capability forecast.. Based upon higher guidance develop and annual budget for the aviation program.. Reviews prior and current budgets/funding trends, complies funding projections and prepares funding recommendations.. Anticipates requirements for aviation funds by reviewing execution plans and recommends appropriate action such as reprogramming funds from one project or facility to another to correct funds shortage.. Develops annual training budget data for training programs.. Provides cost analysis for unit school proposals and the Synthetic Flight Training Simulator Program.. Forecast budgetary requirements to support centralized/specialized aviation training programs in areas such as ammunition, Parts, Oil, and Lubrication, repair parts, flying hours and personnel requirements.. Knowledge of analytical and evaluative techniques to analyze program elements of the aviation program in terms of capabilities and requirements.. Knowledge of administrative regulations and operating procedures to identify, analyze and provide recommendations for improving aviation methods and procedures.. Proficient with ARMY computer programs such as AFCOS, SAP financial system, STANFINS, Defense Travel System as well as Excel and word.. Supervisor: Clifton Barger (405-228-5473) Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes.I worked from 10/2007 to now.And my major duty is Series: 0561 Pay Plan: GS 43,000.00 USO per Year Hours per week:  40.. Budget assistant (This is a federal job Objective as a Budget assistant was developing procedures and administrative processes concerning the preparation and execution of the Oklahoma National Guard Mobilization and Training budgets totaling over $100 million dollars by accurately and timely analyzing and evaluating each budget ensuring achievement of department priorities and mission objectives are met.. My office duties consisted of but not limited to: Reviewing all fund requests, monitoring budget account balances, Monitor outstanding obligations, validate obligations.. Conduct monthly reviews of unliqudated obligations, computes and consolidates statistics  for  the  current  and  following   fiscal  year,  and  supplemental   budget requirements for periodic or special activities arising after budget has been completed.. Reviews pay action documents for accuracy, authority, completeness, and conformity to regulatory and statutory requirements.. Verify accuracy and agreement of payroll totals with accounting controls and reconciles differences.. Developed budget estimates to include Mid-Year review for all assigned accounts based on experience performance factors or historical data.. Monitored fund request and ensure account balances to not exceed the annual funding.. Allocations.. System knowledge in SIDPERS, AFCOS, GFEBS, FTSMCS, DTS, Microsoft Office to include Power point, word, excel.. Supervisor: Bobby Yandell (405-228-). I'm proficient at processes, cost analysis, and forms.]
17152392, [I got my b   s   business administration business administration in business administration business administration from university of phoenix graduate school of business. As a Contracts Supervisor, I worked from November 2006 to November 2010. And my major duty is Interacted with Department heads to ensure the highest quality proposal was provided by meeting the customers' requirements for Value Added Services Programs, valued at $1.5 Billion.. Reviewed terms and conditions to ensure requirements are in line with B/E policies as well as regulations such as DFAR, ITAR, and Proprietary parts licensing.. Directed the activities and balance the workload of employees to ensure timely delivery of the most competitive prices, resulting in $151 M.. of awarded contracts.. Initiated a departmental wide interest for the customer and their needs, by guiding employees on how to research  the customer, what they do and how we can better support their contract.. Negotiated pricing, delivery and other cost savings with vendors to ensure maximum profit margins were achieved with each contract.I worked from September 1996 to December 2001. And my major duty is Purchasing and Procurement of military and civilian equipment.. Reviewed the accuracy of purchase orders to ensure appropriate use of government funds.. Maintained inventory control through quarterly cycle counts.. Maintained effective working relationship and close coordination with other defense agencies and suppliers. I'm proficient at leadership, processes, and six sigma.]
49646155, [I got my bachelor   public administration in public administration from barry university. As a Safety & Training Coordinator, And my major duty is Responsible for the preparation of training for more than 15,000 airport employees.. Planned, directed, oversaw, reviewed and evaluated the work of staff providing support to airport training program.. Maintained or directed the maintenance of accurate records and files.. Monitored changes in legislation and FAA regulations that may affect training program operations or service delivery; evaluated their effect upon program activities and recommends appropriate policy and procedure modifications.. Developed and modified training techniques and formats to evaluate airfield vehicle operators or current program effectiveness and to determine the need for program modification and/or new training program development.. Test theoretical and practical knowledge of aviation safety and ramp safety.. Analyzed training programs to assure competency of persons operating vehicle on the airfield.. Prepared reports of airfield inspections to document findings.. Approved or disapproved issuance of certificate of vehicles operators on the airfield.. Promoted training programs through developing contacts with various organizations and through electronic media announcements.. Represented MIA Airport in acting as a trainer in aviation safety in various airports throughout the Caribbean.. Provided fiscal oversight for Airside Division, in particular, training cash collections, equipment purchase orders.. Tracked Employee Performance training requirements to make sure that are in compliance with FAA Rules and Regulations.. Responsible for issuing department vehicle, and equipment.. Assigned, distributed, checked, and verified access personnel work load.. Approved requests for emergency delivery on the airfield.. Monitored safety condition of the airfield, maintained and ensured the smooth operation of the airport.. Ensured that all operators adhere to the rules and regulation of the department.. Monitored construction and maintenance projects affecting airfield activities.. Ensured compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Miami-Dade Aviation rules and regulations to effect the safe and efficient operation of the Air Operations Area (AOA).. Represented the Airside Operations at safety meetings.  Planned and managed event logistics. I'm proficient at delivery, sales, and training programs.]
33627938, [I got my masters of education in criminal justice from concordia university. As a Assistant Command Security Manager/ Aviation Ordnanceman, I worked from 01/2008 to now.And my major duty is Maintained and organized file management for over 1500 security recordsfor military. , civilian and contractor personnel per SECNAVINST 5510.36 instructions. Utilized Joint Personnel Adjudication System (JPAS) to enter data and verify U.S. Navy personnel security information. Tracked clearance eligibility and access for over 1500 personnel. Sorted. applications, fingerprints, scheduled OPM notices, closed investigations, adjudications, SF-86s, SF-85Ps, investigations for military and civilians programs. Conducted personnel security interviews, as required, to clarify allegations of a questionable nature with regard to security clearance eligibility. Administered record checks utilizing Single Scope Background Investigations, National Agency Checks, National Agency Checks with Inquires and Secret Periodic Reinvestigations to determine and recommend security level eligibility. Assembled and loaded ammunition for an average of 4-5 Naval helicopters daily. Serviced aircraft guns and accessories when ship was in port. Stowed, assembled and loaded aviation ammunition including missiles, bombs and rockets. Assembled tests and maintained air-launched guided missiles. Supervised 12 sailors in the operation of aviation ordnance shops, armories and stowage facilities ]
12904972, [I got my bs   aviation business administration in aviation business administration from embry   riddle aeronautical university. As a E5-SGT, I worked from August 2001 to January 2009. And my major duty is Service Country: United States Branch: Marine Corp Rank: E5-SGT August 2001 to January 2009 As an aviation electronics technician, I repaired electronics aircrafts systems, troubleshot, repaired and replaceable electronic components. Gained knowledge in reading and comprehending schematics and diagrams. I also performed routine maintenance on test benches and equipment. When I achieved the rank of E3 LCPL, I gave instruction on troubleshooting and repairing solid state devices. I was also responsible for Inspecting and maintaining electronic test equipment.  As a Marine Security Guard I protected three different Embassies around the world.  I monitored and safeguard classified material and Embassy personnel.  I was trained in diffusing hostile situations and I investigated security and safety violations and wrote over 300 detailed incident reports. I'm proficient at fuel, training, and and cessna airframe and powerplant systems general inspections.]
12239749, [I got my master of arts   education in  from university of the pacific. As a Aviation Mechanist Mate, AD, I worked from Mar 1988 to Mar 1996. And my major duty is Maintained and repaired power plant/engine systems and subsystems of the $24,000,000 MH53E Helicopter.. Conducted pre-flight maintenance and safety inspections.. Facilitated launch and recovery of aircraft as part of a ground crew.. Handled and disposed of hazardous material in accordance with local, State and Federal regulations.. Inventoried maintenance shop tools and equipment.. Maintained personal physical fitness for military duty.. Decorations: Naval Reserve Meritorious Service Medal, National Defense Medal. I'm proficient at professional, typing words a minute, and responsible and dependable.]
16279537, [I got my bachelor of science in law and political science from university of phoenix. As a Aviation Maintenance Management Instructor, And my major duty is Aviation Maintenance Administration Management Training Instructor. -Course Coordinator for  NALCOMIS IMA  Power Plants Documentation Procedures, NALCOMIS IMA Work Center Management Documentation Procedures, NALCOMIS IMA Production. Successfully graduated over 400 Department of the Navy students  in  the proper documentation of aviation maintenance management in accordance of COMNAVINST 4790.2 I'm proficient at motivate and build successful teams, regulatory, and understand all legal.]
17008356, [I got my b   s     business management in business management from southern illinois university. As a Aviation Ordnance Technician, I worked from 07/2009 to 07/2013.  I'm proficient at b b strategic selling, negotiation, and time management.]
28020046, [I got my bachelor of science in information systems management from university of maryland university college. As a Aviation Boatswains Fuels Technician, I worked from October 2006 to December 2012. And my major duty is Successfully trained 54 personnel in QA protocols, equipment maintenance, MSDS and SOPs for Fuels evolutions.. Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.. Supervised operation and organizational maintenance of JP5 Fuel systems and specialized equipment.. Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.. Effectively tested 1,140,198 gallons of Jet Propulsion Fuel during two Persian Gulf Pacific Deployments.. Excellent personal accountability and punctuality with "zero" issues for the entire military term. I'm proficient at client relations software dynamics crm, ms outlook, and microsoft publisher.]
25625173, [I got my ba   history   government in history   government from columbia college. As a Chief Aviation Support Equipment Technician, I worked from January 1978 to January 1996. And my major duty is Air Warfare), E-7 (RET).. Managed Environmental and Safety Programs for Navy Management Systems Support Office Detachment Pacific and USS Forrestal (AVT-59).. Performed waste stream analysis and implemented waste and source reduction procedures on Navy ships and installations.. Managed Hazardous Materials program; tracked HAZMAT from purchase through its life cycle to TSDF, recycle, or approved landfill.. Received commendation from Commander Naval Air Forces, Atlantic inspection team for outstanding management of HAZMAT program.. Performed database administration and maintenance and supply functional analysis for the Naval Aviation Logistics Command Management Information System (NALCOMIS).. Coordinated numerous major system hardware and software upgrades, performed functional testing and analysis of the system releases.. As Implementation Team Leader, coordinated and planned deployment of NALCOMIS information system at various Navy and Marine Corps activities.. Implementation included site survey to determine user needs and physical locations, procurement of hardware and software, installation of infrastructure, database development and tailoring, training of on site personnel, and monitoring of the new system. I'm proficient at technical support, technical documentation, and risk assessment.]
29534737, [I got my graduate        john wood community college in  from john wood community college. As a AVIATION ORDNANCEMAN, And my major duty is Preformed maintenance on the S-3B Viking aircraft while stationed Various duties included general maintenance of the aircraft, repair of broken wires, reading of blueprints and schematics, computer checks, repair of several different control boxes that are connected to the computers which operate on the systems that was related to my field of work. Treating and preserving the aircraft from different types of corrosion, loading of different types of ordinance, such as bombs, missals, and various types of counter measure equipment.. Obtained several types of licenses that pertained to my field, such as ordnance driver which allowed transportation of bombs and missiles from holding areas final destination for loading. Many types of release checks which included testing the aircraft to make sure that weapons loaded would release properly in a safe condition. Upkeep of equipment that needed calibration. I'm proficient at grinders, reading, and cnc.]
17655479, [I got my high school diploma in basics from st   bernard high school. As a A/O Aviation Ordanance, I worked from 11/1998 to 05/2003. And my major duty is Effective decision-maker in high-pressure environments.. Managed receipt, storage and issue of ammunition processes.. Completed multiple fire prevention safety training.. Practiced and followed all safety regulations and guidelines. I'm proficient at delivery, forklifts, and weapons.]
12043694, [I got my bachelor of science   information system security in information system security from colorado technical university. As a Aviation Mechanic,  I'm proficient at mcse, tcp ip protocol, and ip configuration.]
99416532, [I got my associate of science   pre   engineering in pre   engineering from pikes peak community college. As a Residential/ Commercial Painter, I worked from June 2000 to May 2007. And my major duty is Maintained professional, appearance and attitude, to develop client confidence.. Consistently developed ideas to maximize output and accuracy.. Accomplished tasks to standard, often ahead of time on both; jobs working alone and jobs working as a team member. I'm proficient at exceptional ability to recognize potential problems and work to resolve them quickly and discreetly affirming the customers confidence, and ensuring compliance from those i work with, and often remaining flexible with availability to accommodate as many customers as possible.]
24589765, [I got my bachelor of science in flight technology from central washington university executive management program   evans school   university of washington. As a Director, Budget and Program Development, And my major duty is Serves as Director of Budget and Program Development for WSDOT Ferries Division with a $760 million biennial budget serving over 22 million passengers each year.. Greco oversaw program management for the operating and capital budgets and established a trend and change management program.. Built strong partnerships between diverse internal partners and external stakeholders. Cultivated Lean initiatives and projects in partnership with agency executives. Developed organization's performance management program.. She is experienced in interest arbitration for numerous collective bargaining agreements. Greco oversees the organization's performance management program and has a demonstrated ability to inspire and preserve teams.. Initiated rollout of new enterprise software solution for sales reporting.. Spearheaded cross-functional initiative to achieve. [objective]. .. Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of. [project]. .. Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new program. I'm proficient at leadership, government, and human relations.]
31605080, [I got my b   s   computer   information technology in computer   information technology from purdue university. As a Aviation Electrician, I worked from January 2005 to January 2009. And my major duty is Performed troubleshooting and maintenance of aircraft.. Performed ground handling and marshalling of aircraft.. Performed daily safe for flight inspections. I'm proficient at research, technical support, and phone.]
21190805, [I got my bachelor of arts in psychology social sciences from the university of louisville. As a Flight Attendant, And my major duty is Collaborated with Customer Care / In-Flight Managers to create strategic plans to en- hance customer satisfaction.. Provided employees with tools to maintain and increase service levels to both internal and external customers.. Increased employee knowledge by assisting with development and implementation of product-awareness program.. Served as In-Flight Training Instructor.. Emergency Safety (First Aide, CPR & Automated External Defibrillator) ·     Emergency Procedures ·     Crew Resource Management to Line Holding Pilots & Flight Attendants ·     Security ·     Serving ·     Customer Service ·     Aircraft Specifics ·     I.O.E.. Qualified. I'm proficient at instructor, forms, and publisher.]
37473139, [I got my bachelor   s degree business management administration in business management administration from grand canyon university. As a Aviation Structural Mechanic, And my major duty is Line division supervisor assistant, plain captain while in line division.. Worked as an aircraft hydraulic and structural systems mechanic as a member of Naval Aircraft Squadron VS-38.. Received General under Honorable Conditions Discharge.. NJROTC, (Navy Junior Recruit Officer Training Corps). I'm proficient at forms, data entry, and receiving.]
